#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{24}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Luminosity.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Linux Libertine Mono O
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Expectations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie proved very displeased by the idea.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Let me get this straight,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said indignantly, after we failed to get Gianna alone and explained
 to both of them at once instead.
 “
\shape italic
Bella
\shape default
 said something dumb to Aro under pressure, which means 
\shape italic
Gianna's
\shape default
 in danger if she doesn't have 
\shape italic
Bella's
\shape default
 kid.
 Nowhere in this does it say that the kid has to be 
\shape italic
Edward's
\shape default
 too.
 Not if that's going to hurt my Gianna.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maggie,” said Gianna, “they think I'll be safe -- and it means I'll turn
 sooner, too...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie softened at once when Gianna spoke, turning to the Italian woman
 and carefully taking one of her hands.
 “Baby, I want that over with soon too, but you might not make it that far!”
 she said.
 “Nobody has before! This is an 
\shape italic
experiment
\shape default
 they want to try.
 You're not a guinea pig, baby.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I said I would help,” Gianna murmured.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You didn't know when you said so that they'd ask you 
\shape italic
this
\shape default
\emph on
!
\emph default
 Enough people die having normal babies -- 
\shape italic
my
\shape default
 own mother did.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sorry to hear that, but that was more than a hundred and fifty years
 ago,” I said.
 “Carlisle, Edward, and Rosalie are all doctors.
 We can have all the advance notice we could possibly need.
 Every advantage that Nahuel's mother didn't have -- or yours, for that
 matter.
 If things take a turn for the worse before the three-week mark we can do
 the C-section earlier than planned.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm getting Ilario, he'll back me up,” said Maggie fiercely, patting Gianna's
 cheek once and then rushing out of the house to look for him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I take it they're getting along, then?” Edward asked mildly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He'll leave me alone with her as of last week,” Gianna said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And that hasn't changed since you're...
 kind of black and blue?” I asked.
 “It's not really my business, I'm sure if there were something seriously
 wrong it would have been noticed and addressed before now by Ilario if
 nobody else -- although if I'm wrong please tell me.
 But if you're getting hurt often it would probably make a pregnancy, any
 pregnancy, riskier.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Actually,” Gianna said, “Ilario was the first one to give me a bruise.
 He was upset about something Maggie said.
 I don't remember exactly what it was, but he grabbed my hand and pulled
 me away from her.
 She didn't try to play tug of war or anything.
 He just squeezed too hard.
 And then she fussed over me so much that he decided she's no more likely
 to hurt me than he is.
 So he thought it would be hypocritical of him to keep spending time around
 me himself without letting Maggie do it.
 She's always more upset than I am when I get hurt, anyway.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Still, there are a 
\shape italic
lot
\shape default
...” I mused.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna shrugged, looking down and blushing again.
 “She gets carried away, but she stops whatever she's doing right away when
 I say `ow'.
 The first time it happened she offered to quit touching me at all so she
 wouldn't get carried away anymore, but...
 I said she didn't have to do that.” She squirmed slightly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right, um,” I said, having wandered into territory that was even less my
 business.
 If Gianna was covering up something serious, Edward would know about it
 and tell me, and he was silent.
 “She's obviously very concerned with your safety, so that might wind up
 being what happens anyway for a few weeks -- or months if we have to go
 the human baby route.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I could mention that to her,” Gianna said lightly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Might help,” I allowed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I heard Maggie and Ilario's footfalls as they approached us.
 A few seconds later, they were there, Maggie promptly sitting back next
 to Gianna and carefully putting an arm over her shoulders while Ilario
 stood.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let me get this straight,” Ilario said, and there ensued a conversation
 very similar to the one we'd had with Maggie, minus the part where Gianna
 was addressed as “baby” and the part where someone's mother had died in
 childbirth.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I understand you're both worried about me,” Gianna said when this segment
 of the exchange wound down, “but isn't it my decision?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie bit her lip.
 “Baby, you don't know what it'd do to me if you died.
 I don't think even I know what it'd do to me, and I already can't stand
 to think of it.
 I know it's up to you, but it affects more than just you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna patted Maggie's knee.
 “But I think it sounds survivable.
 Also, it gives more of an explanation for why I'm going to be turned.
 The Cullens have a history of turning dying people -- but not people who've
 just given birth to a human baby once and are fine.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aren't I sufficient explanation?” protested Maggie.
 “Bella wasn't dying, she was just Edward's.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I said, “That'd be sufficient explanation if 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
 had run into her all by herself a year or two ago before she met the Volturi.
 Now, they think she belongs to me, so 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 need a credible reason to turn her.
 If simply thinking that people ought to be vampires instead of humans when
 they're willing were a reason the Volturi would accept, I could have just
 said that in Volterra.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You should've let me fight you for her,” Maggie said.
 “That would be credible.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think it would have helped the situation at all if Aro found that
 I'd put her up as stakes on a fight,” I said dryly, “since you challenged
 me on my home turf while you were alone and I had my whole coven present,
 and clearly didn't have to wager her -- or lose.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” said Maggie, hanging her head.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maggie,” I said.
 “I have every confidence that Gianna will be okay as long as we do a C-section
 at or before the three week mark, then turn her.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Irish vampire looked up at me.
 “You really do believe that,” she murmured.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I debated whether to tell her that I was immune to her power.
 I decided that she'd find out sooner or later, or at least suspect it --
 and it'd be a show of good faith.
 “I actually think I'm immune to your power,” I told her sheepishly.
 She frowned.
 “Edward, you tell her,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think Bella's right,” he said confidently.
 Maggie scrutinized his face -- I wasn't sure if this was habit, an actual
 way to focus her witchcraft, or just for effect.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie looked over at Gianna.
 “You're sure you want to do it this way, Gianna?” she asked softly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna nodded, then glanced at her brother, who looked uncomfortable but
 didn't speak.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie looked at Edward and me, fixing us with fierce glares.
 “If she dies,” she said in a flat, cold voice very unlike her usual demeanor.
 She didn't finish the sentence, letting the threat trail off into thought.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you tried, no matter how justified you were, you'd die too,” Edward
 said softly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If she dies,” Maggie said, “then I wouldn't care if I did.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Permission secured, it was time to deal with the complicated technical stuff.
 I wasn't deeply involved in this part.
 I had no relevant expertise and my biological contribution was already
 in a freezer.
 It was mostly Edward, Rosalie, and Carlisle, ordering assorted equipment
 which trickled into the house in boxes over the next few days and then
 beginning work.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Meanwhile, Maggie redoubled her efforts to leave Gianna undamaged, and the
 bruises slowly faded.
 The attempt wasn't without its mistakes, but Gianna could have picked up
 the same level of injury by bumping into things all by herself, and was
 disinclined to adopt a hands-off policy with Maggie.
 I didn't want to risk re-igniting Maggie's opposition to the plan by requiring
 more of a sacrifice from her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward kept me in the loop on the general shape of the process.
 Rosalie had taken far more eggs from me than were normally removed in a
 harvesting procedure, since I'd had no expectation of needing them in their
 original state.
 As a result, they had some leeway with the raw materials, and were creating
 several embryos, most of which would go right back in the freezer to be
 used later in case we found a second surrogate and wanted a second child.
 This also meant that we had an opportunity to pick the gender we preferred.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” I said when presented with this, “if there's a bunch to choose from,
 why stop at gender? Let's get Alice and have her look them over, and tell
 us about them in detail.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So we found Alice, who pranced into the room, closed her eyes to concentrate,
 and promptly said, “Ow!” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's wrong?” asked Jasper, who'd followed close at her heels.
 Edward, who didn't need to ask, groaned.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They take after you, Bella,” laughed Alice weakly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You can't see them?” I asked.
 “That doesn't make sense.
 You could see me perfectly when I was human; they shouldn't have inherited
 that immunity if they inherited any of it at all.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not a thing,” Alice said.
 “I can't even tell which are the girls and which are the boys.
 I'm sorry, I wish I could help.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you see around them?” asked Edward.
 “If we decide on one can you look ahead a few months and see 
\shape italic
us
\shape default
...?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice tried, but then winced.
 “Nothing that depends on them, either.
 Oh, boy, this is going to be fun.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sucked in a nervous breath.
 “I guess we're flying blind, then -- or rather, with what we can find from
 the genes alone.
 That's gender and what else?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Carlisle's already looked at one of them, but while he's fairly confident
 that that one was a female, she had twenty-four pairs of chromosomes --
 which means anything known about human genes could be completely off-base,”
 Edward said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Humans have twenty-three, right?” I asked, and he nodded.
 “Has Carlisle ever taken a vampire cell apart and looked at it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We've got twenty-five pairs,” Edward said.
 “So it makes a bizarre kind of sense.
 Anyway, Carlisle could 
\shape italic
guess
\shape default
 what the other genes on the embryos' chromosomes might mean, but it would
 be just that -- guesswork.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I guess it's still more choice than most parents get,” I sighed.
 Alice and Jasper left the room, the former rubbing her temple.
 Jasper threw a suspicious look at me over his shoulder.
 We'd avoided crossing paths very much since I'd added his witchcraft to
 those I blocked.
 There hadn't been another dramatic confrontation, but when we did pass
 each other in a hallway or have reason to exchange information, he was
 definitely less friendly and more willing to assume that I was acting in
 bad faith.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward frowned at his departing brother but didn't comment on that subject.
 “Indeed,” he said instead, turning back to me and taking my hands in his.
 “So, my love -- son or daughter?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you have a preference?” I asked, and he shook his head.
 “I suppose the evidence we have available suggests that a girl will probably
 not be venomous,” I said.
 “That seems like a plus.” I supposed I could have covered for my existing
 bite mark by having a son and plausibly being bitten once thereby, but
 I wasn't confident I could manage the concealment for that long anyway.
 Emmett would be suspicious if I suddenly lost interest in sparring, and
 that would inevitably push my sleeve up my arm unless I made obvious and
 equally peculiar efforts to prevent it.
 I really needed to figure out how to explain it.
 Ran into an immortal child in Sweden while not with Edward? But then what
 would I have done with it after receiving the bite? Found some baby brother
 of Nahuel's in Finland someplace, whose mother swore me to secrecy? That
 could work.
 Got into a fight with a vampire midget? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“True,” he said, fortunately and maddeningly oblivious to my thought process
 as always.
 “So, a daughter, then?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded slowly.
 Everything was coming together very fast, and while it was still necessary
 and I still liked the idea, it was also intimidating.
 Picking a gender was much more emotionally 
\shape italic
real
\shape default
 to me than being vaguely aware that strange pieces of medical equipment
 were being carried into the house.
 “I guess we should start thinking about names,” I said, “since we won't
 have as long as human parents to think of them.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We left the room where the embryos that included our future daughter rested,
 walking together out of the house and into the yard.
 “I don't know anything about your opinions of baby names,” Edward said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Likewise,” I replied.
 “I feel like we should -- one way or another -- name her after somebody.
 I'm a little concerned that as the only half-vampire in a large coven of
 vampires she'll be...
 disconnected, somehow.
 A meaningful name might help her feel grounded.
 I'm making this up completely, of course; my parents picked my name out
 of a baby book because it sounded pretty and I haven't felt particularly
 un-grounded.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's still a place to start,” Edward said.
 “I was named after my father.
 I don't remember a lot about him, but I have his name, which is something.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't know that,” I said.
 “Okay, what was your mother's name?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elizabeth,” supplied Edward.
 “Actually, I think Isabella is a variant on the name Elizabeth, too, but
 the source I heard that from might not be reliable.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So maybe another Elizabeth variation,” I said.
 “Especially if that turns out to be right.” I ran through the other names
 we might want to incorporate into our daughter's.
 “You know,” I said, “it really 
\shape italic
seems
\shape default
 like there should be a way to portmanteau `Renée' and `Esme'.
 The vowels are so similar.
 But there's just no way to put them together in a way that sounds like
 a name and not a Pokémon.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward laughed.
 “I think it would mean a lot to Rosalie if her name were wedged in there
 somewhere.
 A middle name would do,” he suggested.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think it'd also make sense to honor Gianna.
 She's helping us out in a 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 major way.
 “Annarose” for a middle name?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's perfect.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We went to our cottage, and I pulled out my laptop and looked up names derived
 from “Elizabeth” on the Internet.
 There were a 
\shape italic
lot
\shape default
, including, as Edward had said, “Isabella
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 I pruned out those that were just different spellings of the base name
 or my own version, and the obvious nicknames like “Liz” that our daughter
 could plausibly choose to go by no matter what variant we landed on.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Look,” I said, smirking.
 “
\shape italic
Buffy
\shape default
 is a nickname for Elizabeth.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think we should rule that one out,” Edward said seriously.
 “It could prompt the wrong sorts of guesses if people notice anything different
 about her.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, deleted it from the list of possibilities, and then started removing
 other names for increasingly minor reasons, mostly aesthetic.
 I removed “Libby” and its near cousins, which I sort of liked, at Edward's
 direction; he'd known someone who went by that name and had found her an
 unpleasant person.
 After a while, we had a short list: “Babette
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, “Bettina” and a few similar names, “Elspeth
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, “Ilsa
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, “Lisel” and other spellings thereof, and “Lilibeth
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm tempted by Lisel,” I said, “but I think I like Elspeth better.
 It's uncommon without being unpronounceable, nor so novel that it risks
 sounding much more out of place after a hundred years than it does now.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth Annarose it is,” said Edward.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle picked out a female embryo for us, and Rosalie did the honors of
 actually implanting it.
 The others were frozen.
 We were warned ahead of time that the rates of pregnancy for in vitro technique
s were low, but the following day Gianna was absolutely certain that the
 first try had taken, and she made herself a large plate of eggs for breakfast.
 Puking began shortly afterwards.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie insisted that Gianna shouldn't have to cook for herself in her condition,
 bought a large stack of cookbooks so she could make Gianna's food herself,
 and burned a few omelettes trying to get them right.
 At that point Ilario took over, rolling his eyes at Maggie as he expertly
 poached a new batch of eggs; he actually knew how to cook, having done
 some of it in his human days, and kept his sister supplied with whatever
 she wanted for her solid food while she ineffectively protested that she
 wasn't 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
 impaired.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was plenty of human blood in the fridge that Carlisle had purchased,
 too, which Gianna drank out of opaque cups with lids so she didn't have
 to think about it too hard.
 Carlisle, who was taking a lot of time off work and pretending that he
 was looking after a sick Esme to excuse it, fetched her these beverages
 and did the dishes.
 Maggie, Ilario, Jasper, and myself left the house for safety reasons while
 the scent of blood was in the air, and everyone else at least gave a wide
 berth.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I e-mailed Charlie and told him the whole story; Rachel got the truth too.
 I told Renée that 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 was pregnant (as of early July, moreover); I planned to take an inordinate
 number of baby pictures and dole them out to her at a rate that would make
 Elspeth appear to age normally.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After I'd reminded the wolves of my existence with this e-mail, Leah sent
 a conversational sort of note, sounding me out for ongoing correspondence.
 She was an irregular pen pal and had poor spelling, but I wrote her anyway,
 telling her what had my attention in a newsy sort of way and making polite
 inquiries about her.
 I was informed that Sue's turning, adjustment period, and assumption of
 her share of the duties of infant care had gone without significant hiccup.
 Cody was growing as fast as expected and was already talking in complete
 sentences (his first words had been “Seth, can I have a wolf ride?”, which
 request Seth had obliged).
 Relations between halves of the pack were cordial, but sadly distant.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna did not lack for attention during the ensuing weeks.
 Maggie fussed over her, obsessed; she rearranged her hair several times
 a day for lack of much else helpful to do, and sang constantly.
 Ilario mostly stood in the corner of Gianna's room, looking stoic, when
 he wasn't cooking something.
 Edward and I, plus Rosalie, were mostly interested for Elspeth's sake rather
 than in Gianna herself, who didn't lack for caretakers anyway.
 This still had us hovering around the bed where she spent most of her time
 resting, trying to make sure she had everything she needed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The one problem it turned out we were least prepared to handle was Gianna's
 fluctuating temperature.
 It had never occurred to me to read anything into it when Sue instructed
 her children to hug her; now I wondered if she'd been using them as sources
 of warmth.
 When Gianna felt too warm -- which did happen, although less often -- Maggie
 could snuggle up to her and that worked fine.
 When she was cold, though, turning up the heater or giving her blankets
 worked too slowly for comfort.
 Electric blankets were purchased, but Gianna seemed to find them vaguely
 unsatisfying.
 Eventually we settled for keeping the house warmer all the time, and Maggie's
 cuddling efforts were called on more frequently.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All told, Gianna held up better under Elspeth than Sue had under Cody.
 Probably, this was because twenty-three was a more convenient age at which
 to be violently pregnant than forty-two.
 In spite of that favorable comparison, and Gianna's better care, Elspeth
 started doing damage a couple of weeks in.
 Several ribs were casualties, and Gianna went on painkillers -- taping
 them up, I learned, was not actually a treatment for them, which made me
 feel better about Sue's neglected fractures.
 Gianna did not lose consciousness except when properly sleeping.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Without giving this comparison away, though, I could only do so much to
 soothe Maggie and Ilario.
 Both were in states of constant worry by the end of the first week and
 wanted Elspeth's birthday to be as early as possible.
 They were agreed that far, but could not so readily come to an agreement
 on who was to turn her, each preferring to do that task themselves.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna was prevailed upon to settle their argument -- which consisted mostly
 of Maggie gesturing wildly and ranting (half in Gaelic) while Ilario regarded
 her impassively and occasionally uttered a monosyllabic denial.
 It was an odd role for Gianna to have fallen into, since she hated confrontatio
n and would obviously have rathered it if Maggie and Ilario invariably agreed
 on everything.
 Still, she ultimately came up with a compromise they both accepted -- Ilario
 would administer the venom, but it would be Maggie's.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We planned to deliver Elspeth on October twenty-first, if nothing required
 us to operate earlier.
 It was exactly three weeks after the implantation date, when I knew and
 everyone else suspected that this would be safe enough for Gianna and Elspeth
 both.
 I suggested the tooth-ripping-out plan so no one had to risk tasting Gianna's
 blood, and volunteered a canine of my own which Edward could use to open
 the shell.
 He was leery of trying to do delicate surgery while distracted by my discomfort
, though, and Rosalie readily offered to loan a tooth in my place.
 My role would instead be to lift Elspeth out.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On October thirteenth, Edward remarked that my birthday had been a month
 prior, and I hadn't mentioned anything about it.
 He asked if I was just not counting birthdays anymore.
 I'd been in La Push on the thirteenth of September -- but in all the excitement
 even Charlie had forgotten the significance of the day, and he (and my
 permanently scatterbrained mother) had both sent me belated e-mails of
 well wishes.
 I'd noted the date when it had passed, but not seen fit to announce it
 to anyone.
 “What's the point of counting them?” I said.
 “So I'm chronologically eighteen now -- but I'm going to be physically
 seventeen for all time, and I'll use mostly forged documents to demonstrate
 my legal status anyway, and I no longer find birthday cake appetizing.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That was my guess,” he said.
 “No presents, either?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You can get me presents if you want, but there's no need to use my birthday
 as an excuse,” I replied.
 I smiled.
 “Or as a restriction.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So acknowledged,” he laughed.
 “I've been thinking we'll need to celebrate birthdays and half-birthdays
 for Elspeth, while she's growing still -- it still won't be as many as
 most people get, over the course of a childhood, but...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 Elspeth had become the primary topic of conversation between Edward and
 me; soon we would be parents.
 If everything went according to plan.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the next room over, Gianna failed to keep her juice down.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A little over a week before Elspeth's artificial due date, Tanya called
 Carlisle again.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wasn't near enough to hear the call on this occasion -- I was with Edward
 in our cottage -- but the subsequent morning I heard the news.
 Laurent had been gone for seventeen days -- more than double his previous
 record excursion length.
 He wasn't answering his phone, hadn't been for the past week, hadn't called
 to check in with Irina once in that time.
 While the very fact that he didn't bring Irina on his trips meant that
 he didn't want to be witnessed partaking of his unethical food, or doing
 whatever else it was that made him take so long, she was out of her mind
 with worry and wanted to prevail on Alice again.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When Carlisle had passed on the message, though, Alice had come up completely
 blank.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” she said when I asked her about it, “not like you -- it's subtly different.
” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What are the different kinds of blank you can get?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's four,” Alice said.
 “There's you, there's Elspeth, there's Gianna-while-pregnant-with-Elspeth,
 and there's Laurent -- all different.
 Your future looks like Swiss cheese.
 Sometimes it veers off into patches I can see, sometimes when you're in
 the middle of a hole I can't see anything about you, but a lot of your
 futures are normally visible.
 Elspeth 
\shape italic
per se
\shape default
 is just not there.
 I can't see her at all and that casts shadows on everything she affects,
 so I can only see the big obvious regularities that she can't change.
 Gianna's mostly in a shadow like that, but I can see around Elspeth in
 a limited way and get possible futures of Gianna's that don't directly
 involve Elspeth.
 But it gives me a killer headache to try, so I've been doing it only when
 Maggie or Ilario badgers me into checking that I can still see Gianna alive
 in some futures.
 And Laurent is...” Alice bit her lip.
 “He's not there to see.
 It's not like trying to look for someone invisible like Elspeth, because
 he doesn't cast any shadows.
 It's like trying to look for a person who doesn't exist in the first place.
 I think he's dead.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Irina had heard this suspicion before I had, of course -- “How's Irina taken
 it?” I asked Alice quietly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The little vampire shook her head.
 “I can't even imagine what she's going through.
 She's insane with grief, of course, but she's still got a sliver of hope
 that Laurent isn't really dead and something else is interfering with my
 vision.
 She does have a point that a lot of things seem to be foiling me lately.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Have you tried looking for people who turned out to be dead before?” I
 asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Several times,” Alice replied.
 “They 
\shape italic
were
\shape default
 all humans, though, so...
 But I still think that Laurent's somehow died.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What exactly does it take to kill a vampire?” I asked, pacing.
 “Is it the sort of thing that could remotely happen by accident?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not likely,” said Alice.
 “Possible, but not at 
\shape italic
all
\shape default
 likely -- he'd have to be caught in a very serious explosion, to be unable
 to escape or put himself back together.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Has anything like that happened in a plausible radius of Denali?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's been gone long enough that `plausible radius' means `anywhere on the
 globe',” Alice pointed out.
 “If he was in Gaza and got in the way of a missile, or near that volcano
 in El Salvador, for instance, and he wasn't paying enough attention to
 get to safety, he could have been killed that way.
 Or taken apart thoroughly enough that he's still incapacitated, but then
 I'd expect to see him put back together and going home.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But you don't think that's what happened.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice shook her head.
 “It's way more likely that he got into a fight with another vampire, and
 lost.
 I've never heard of any vampire dying in a natural disaster, I just know
 it's theoretically possible.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How densely populated by vampires is North America?” I asked.
 “I realize he could have gone anywhere, but at least we know he started
 in Alaska.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mmm...
 since the Volturi cleaned out the newborn armies in the South, not all
 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
 densely, but you can definitely find us in population centers and roaming
 around.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ballpark population on the continent?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice thought.
 “More than a hundred, fewer than a thousand, if I had to narrow it down
 I'd say something like three or four hundred.
 Mostly in big population centers, because you need more territory to be
 inconspicuous if the area's rural.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How territorial and inclined to fight are average vampires?” I asked.
 “I've only met the Volturi, friends of the family, and Huilen, who was
 alone when Edward and I showed up.
 Plus Laurent's old coven, but I was human then, and don't remember them
 too well.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Laurent's old coven is the closest to normal you've met, considering that
 Huilen's in contact with her nephew...” Alice trailed off, closed her eyes,
 and then opened them with a small gasp.
 “Oh, how strange,” she exclaimed.
 “Elspeth doesn't take after you -- or perhaps she does, but that isn't
 why I can't see her.
 I can't see Nahuel either, any more than I can see Elspeth.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My eyes flew open very wide.
 “It's a species thing.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She nodded emphatically.
 “I can see Huilen...
 but only about as much as I can see you.
 It's Swiss cheese.
 Huh, I wonder why your immunity works that way.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Because I'm only invisible to you when I'm being acted on by another invisible
 species.

\shape default
 “Maybe only a bit of my brain has the hang of being invisible and you see
 me when other bits are in charge,” I said, affecting uncuriosity with a
 shrug.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice frowned, her brow furrowed.
 But she didn't pursue that topic.
 “Anyway, your standard vampire wanders around -- or lurks in a big city
 where a lot of people can go missing without it being big news.
 Eats every three, four days, one or two people at a time, or lies low for
 as long as a couple of weeks if one of their meals gets too much attention.
 They usually steal stuff; maintaining legitimate funds is too much of a
 hassle under those limitations.
 About a third of them travel alone, another third in mated pairs, last
 third in covens of two or three, rarely four or more, which may or may
 not include mates.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Doesn't quite answer my question,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Lone vampires are more likely to avoid confrontations,” Alice said.
 “But if we assume Laurent was alone too, he'd run some risk of provoking
 one if they just didn't like the look of him or felt like getting into
 a fight...
 some think of combat, even lethal combat, as recreational.
 Pairs and covens will stake out territories and are pretty likely to attack
 anyone who won't clear off when told to.
 Less likely to attack an individual for fun, though, because without the
 individual being a witch, the odds are in the group's favor to the point
 of being unsporting.
 And I don't understand why Laurent wouldn't just get out of other vampires'
 way if he ran afoul of one -- but I'm not sure why he'd have to leave home
 for so long to begin with anyway.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He was eating people,” I reminded her.
 That information had filtered through to everyone in the family.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Even so.
 Denali's remote, but it's not 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
 remote,” mused Alice.
 “I'm sure he could get to enough potential feeding grounds that there'd
 be no reason for him to spend more than twenty-four hours round trip each
 time.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He might have eaten a few people each time he went out, and needed to spread
 it out,” I said, and with a sinking feeling it occurred to me that there
 was one exceptionally dangerous location that was a twenty-four hour round
 trip from Denali.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But if Laurent had gone 
\shape italic
there
\shape default
, he wouldn't have made the return journey.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bah,” said Alice.
 “You wandered into one of the holes in the cheese that is your future again.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huh,” I said, feigning surprise.
 “Anyway, I guess there's no way to find out what happened to Laurent, is
 there?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not really,” Alice said regretfully.
 “I see the future, not the past.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I patted her shoulder, pursing my lips sympathetically, and excused myself.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had an awkward question for Rachel.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel was actually not 
\shape italic
sure
\shape default
 if wolves had killed Laurent.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I know it wasn't anyone in my pack,
\shape default
 she wrote back.
 
\shape italic
I checked.
 But things are rocky enough between me and Becky that I haven't communicated
 with her much -- mostly about practical things like who's on duty doing
 lookout where so the packs don't have to run into each other.
 We've been tending to fight, which really sucks.
 Turns out the non-alphas can move between packs however they want, and
 she's collecting the hardcore anti-vampire wolves and they're just barely
 not going after Harry and Sue and Cody.
 If you know where he would have been I can tell you if my guys were there
 then.

\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But I didn't know -- it was only a wild guess.
 
\shape italic
Can you ask her directly?
\shape default
 I wrote back, and attached a description of Laurent.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She didn't get back to me for two days after that, and I occupied my free
 time hovering near Gianna, discussing parenting with Edward, and wondering
 what I would even 
\shape italic
do
\shape default
 if I learned that Becky's pack had killed Laurent.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I still didn't have the answer to that question when I got Rachel's reply.
 
\shape italic
Promise me you won't hurt my sister for killing your friend,
\shape default
 was all she wrote.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
He wasn't my friend,
\shape default
 I wrote back.
 
\shape italic
If he was near you guys, he was probably going to kill somebody in La Push
 or Forks, maybe even Charlie -- I just wish they'd been able to capture
 him instead of killing, because if Irina ever finds out, then there's a
 potential small war on your hands.

\shape default
 I explained the relationship between Irina and Laurent and the reason the
 other Denalis had tolerated his lifestyle.
 
\shape italic
If Irina figures out what happened to her Laurent...

\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't really know Irina well.
 The only vampire I'd ever met in my life who'd lost a mate was Marcus,
 who I had never seen utter a word or do anything but wander around, touch
 Aro's hand, and stare into space.
 I didn't know how long ago his mate had died, or what he'd done when the
 grief had been fresh.
 The next most available source of information I had was to imagine Edward
 dead.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Every fragment of my self refused to let me imagine this in any detail.
 It was the only intolerable concept in the world.
 I could imagine being flung back into the agony I'd felt when turning,
 though it had been incomprehsibly torturous.
 I could imagine my own death, though I loved life and hoped to cling to
 it for all time.
 I could imagine Gianna miscarrying, little Elspeth failing to survive,
 though I felt more attached to my daughter-to-be with every passing hour.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But Edward 
\shape italic
had
\shape default
 to exist, or something was fundamentally wrong with the universe.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Filled with unreasonable panic, I restored the original names in my mental
 scenario and gradually forced my rebellious mind to calm.
 If 
\shape italic
Irina
\shape default
 found out who had killed 
\shape italic
Laurent
\shape default
.
 That was the hypothetical at hand.
 
\shape italic
My
\shape default
 husband was safe, 
\shape italic
my
\shape default
 mate had not been killed by a pack of anti-vampire wolves, 
\shape italic
my Edward
\shape default
 was mine for all eternity.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wrote, 
\shape italic
If Irina figures out what happened to her Laurent, she will kill whoever
 killed him or die trying.
 The rest of her coven might help her.

\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sent the e-mail, and I went to soothe the ruffles in my thoughts by finding
 Edward.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What happened to Marcus's mate?” I asked Edward, some time later.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Didyme? She died,” Edward replied.
 “Less than a year after Aro turned her -- Marcus met her right after she
 became a vampire.
 Marcus wasn't with her at the time of her death, so he didn't see the specifics
, but Aro found the coven of vampires who'd killed her, and he and Marcus
 destroyed them together.
 She was Aro's sister,” Edward added, as an afterthought.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aro seems to have borne up under the loss a lot better than Marcus,” I
 observed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
 “I've never heard Aro thinking about Didyme at all.
 Marcus thinks of almost nothing else, so I picked it all up from him.
 Aro did love her, but...
 it's not the same.
 It's like Ilario and Gianna, as opposed to Maggie and Gianna.
 Ilario is her brother, and that's a very human sort of relationship.
 He loves her, he'll do everything in his power to protect her, but he could
 eventually move on if she died.
 Maggie's in a different position.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Irina must be going through hell,” I said, pulling Edward a little closer.
 
\shape italic
Mine, mine, mine -- 
\shape default
I knew my brain was being taken over by spooky mate bond magic.
 I'd signed up for exactly that when I'd said I was ready to turn.
 And if I hadn't, then I would have eventually died of the disease of mortality,
 and then Edward would have lost me, and then 
\shape italic
he
\shape default
 would have gone through hell and I would be dead and have no Edward, and
 that would not be satisfactory at all.
 Much better for us to be both immortal and together.
 Albeit a little nerve-wracking when I considered the chinks in our undeath.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's still not convinced that Laurent is dead,” he said, stroking my hair.
 “She has some hope.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How long can she go on hoping that? If he doesn't come home, and doesn't
 come home, and goes on not coming home...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not forever,” admitted Edward.
 “Maybe longer than you'd think, though.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Because anything, even throwing oneself into an increasingly crumbly and
 obvious lie, would feel better than that sickening black hole of grief
 that I could not bear to contemplate.
 But Irina was 
\shape italic
living
\shape default
 it.
 Whatever she 
\shape italic
thought
\shape default
, her worst nightmare -- or close enough as to make no difference -- was
 reality.
 I was concealing that all-important information from her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Because if I didn't, she'd die and might take a wolf or two with her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Would
\shape default
 Irina rather die, if she found out what had happened to Laurent? Probably
 she'd rather kill Becky's entire pack first -- maybe Rachel's too, maybe
 the whole Quileute tribe, who knew how widely she'd assign the blame --
 but after.
 If she wreaked all the vengeance she wanted, somehow picked off wolves
 one at a time until they were gone without losing her own life, what would
 she want to happen next? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was sure I knew the corresponding answer for Edward.
 I'd been able to figure that much out even before I'd turned.
 He had the tragic self-sacrificing streak; he wouldn't want to live in
 a world that didn't contain me.
 Irina, though, I wasn't sure.
 Would she consider her life worth living anymore? Could she even consider
 the question? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered suddenly what would happen to wolves whose imprints died.
 Their human, 
\shape italic
mortal
\shape default
 imprints, afforded no special lifespan or unusual resilience.
 Maybe that was why the tribe didn't contain any hundred-year-old holdovers
 from the last pack; maybe they'd all imprinted and quit their anti-aging
 regimen of periodically turning into giant wolves, so they wouldn't have
 to outlive their loves by long.
 When little Claire caught up to Quil, would he abandon his other form,
 turning physically thirty and forty and fifty with her, so he wouldn't
 have to be young while she was old, alive while she was dead? Was Jared
 already trying to get himself under control so his age-matched girlfriend
 wouldn't rush by him?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How could I make sure that this disaster never, 
\shape italic
ever
\shape default
 befell 
\shape italic
me
\shape default
\emph on
?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided that I was not going to continue flying off to La Push whenever
 there was a hiccup with the pack.
 Rachel was a smart cookie and could handle her stuff, with long-distance
 consultation and funding handled via the Internet.
 I didn't need to be physically present, especially not with Harry and Sue
 and Cody nearby to be resident venom sources if they wanted someone turned.
 (Rachel had mentioned, in a pre-Laurent-revelation e-mail, that in order
 to keep the peace with Becky's pack, Harry and Sue and Cody were living
 in the shack full-time.
 Harry was fixing the place up to be a fit home.
 Leah and Seth still lived in the family's house on the reservation.
 But they were still within spitting distance.) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But simply being 
\shape italic
present
\shape default
 wasn't necessarily enough to fend off the specter threatening my peace
 of mind.
 I would need to be present and 
\shape italic
effective
\shape default
.
 I had some advantages against some of the foes I might have to face eventually.
 But these were known to those very foes, and if I were the only one left
 standing while Alec caused my family to fall senselessly to the ground
 around me, then I'd just be one vampire, not very good at fighting, to
 be targeted separately by some non-mental attack while my helpless brothers
 and sisters and in-laws and 
\shape italic
Edward
\shape default
 were unable to defend me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then they -- 
\shape italic
he
\shape default
 -- could be destroyed.
 That hurt.
 It hurt to think about it so much that I wanted to think about anything
 else, or not to think at all -- just to snuggle closer to my gloriously
 alive Edward and pretend that our “immortality” was 
\shape italic
invulnerability
\shape default
.
 But it 
\shape italic
wasn't
\shape default
.
 Neglecting that fact wouldn't make it less factual.
 Edward 
\shape italic
could
\shape default
 be taken from me.
 I 
\shape italic
couldn't
\shape default
 defend him against every threat the world might throw at us.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Not okay.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered about the limits of my shield.
 What might I eventually be able to add to it? Becoming immune to Jasper
 had been 
\shape italic
easy
\shape default
.
 I'd practically just repeated a mantra to myself.
 The first mantra I'd even tried.
 Was that a coincidence, just a feature of Jasper's power existing close
 to the line between what I did and didn't block? Or was my witchcraft very
 extensible? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Just how much could I immunize myself to, if I tried? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was probably some limit, and I'd need to be able to cover for that
 with some competence in physical combat.
 I'd avoided sparring since getting my scar.
 I didn't have any clothes that I normally wore which could cover my wrist
 in even the most casual mock fight -- sleeves were mobile sorts of things.
 I still didn't have a 
\shape italic
good
\shape default
 story to explain it.
 But it was possible that Elspeth would be venomous, and then I could claim
 she bit me.
 The sample of half-vampires numbered five, so far -- four of whom were
 half-siblings.
 It wasn't guaranteed that my daughter would be like the other female hybrids
 before her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In less than a week, I'd find out if that was a viable cover story.
 Until then I wore long sleeves when around anyone other than Edward.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then I'd have 
\shape italic
motherhood
\shape default
 to take up a huge chunk of my time.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At least Elspeth would sleep nights.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The sheer ferventness Maggie applied to her anxious writhing over Gianna's
 condition was impressive.
 It made Elspeth's birth nearly anticlimactic.
 While Maggie held her breath and Gianna's hand, and Ilario fidgeted nearby,
 Carlisle administered some heavy-duty anaesthesia and a sedative.
 Edward cut down to the shell; Rosalie handed over a tooth and he cut through
 the shell with that and gave it back to her.
 While she rinsed the blood off it and let it re-adhere to her mouth, I
 pried the shell open, and there was Elspeth.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My baby.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I grinned from ear to ear and thrust my hands into the liquid to retrieve
 her.
 She opened her mouth, and I had a sudden idea -- I leaned my arm in such
 a way as to present the inside of my left wrist for biting, and obligingly,
 she fastened her teeth onto the correct location.
 She wasn't venomous, but the fluid my arm was immersed in was 
\shape italic
like
\shape default
 venom -- it could explain the scar, and I didn't expect anyone to experiment
 with the stuff to check my story.
 “Ow,” I muttered as I picked her up, because she 
\shape italic
did
\shape default
 break my skin.
 But I felt the wound healing smooth, and she apparently didn't think I
 tasted good, because she didn't bite me again when I cradled her close.
 Carlisle handed me a blanket and patted me on the back, and I wrapped her
 up.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna had held up so well through the procedure that Carlisle was able
 to put her in a coma before Ilario administered Maggie's venom.
 Maggie's release of tension was palpable -- Gianna was out of the woods,
 and after some unconsciousness and some mindboggling torment, she would
 be fine.
 Unbreathing, Maggie assumed a protective position, holding her turning
 mate like she was made of glass.
 Ilario discarded the syringes and started pacing while Carlisle cleaned
 up the blood.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And I was a mother.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth had my eyes.
 Not my amber vampire eyes, gradually lightening with every meal I had --
 the brown ones I'd sported when human.
 The shade exactly matched the photographs I had from my first seventeen
 years.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This didn't escape Edward's notice.
 As we left the room where Gianna lay, he remarked on it.
 “I admit I missed your eyes,” he said.
 “I'm glad they weren't lost completely.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She has your hair, though,” I told him, once we'd gotten far enough away.
 She did: the same bronze-red-brown.
 Just a little fuzz of it.
 A question occurred to me while I stared raptly at our daughter.
 “Can you hear anything from her?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not yet.
 I've never been able to hear a baby less than two months old, and usually
 it takes six -- I'm sure she'll be far faster than that, unless she's got
 her mother's brain, too,” he said wryly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The bit where Alice couldn't see her turned out to be a fluke,” I said.
 I touched Elspeth's nose and she expelled a small puff of air with a 
\shape italic
pah
\shape default
 sound.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But as you pointed out, that wasn't something you had while human,” he
 replied, grinning involuntarily at the baby.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “Oh,” I said, when we were out of earshot of the main house, “if anybody
 asks...” I shifted Elspeth in my arms and pointed at the torn sleeve that
 revealed part of the scar on my wrist.
 “I got this when Elspeth bit me.
 She's not venomous but the amniotic fluid was close enough.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Understood,” he said.
 “If Maggie asks?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I considered what he could say to her.
 “I don't know the really fine points of what she'll notice and what she
 won't.
 Can you just say, `Elspeth bit her'? She 
\shape italic
did
\shape default
, after all.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not in response to a direct question about your scar,” he said, “not when
 I know the scar predates Elspeth.
 The statement has to be something I believe to be true in context, not
 just in isolation.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I exhaled a breath through my teeth, petting Elspeth's hair as I did so.
 She was very warm.
 “She'll never buy that you don't know where it's from.
 Ugh.
 If Maggie asks you...
 
\shape italic
a baby half-vampire
\shape default
 bit me.
 I trust she can be allowed to extrapolate incorrectly.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's eyes widened, but he nodded.
 “Can I hold her?” he asked after a moment.
 I handed Elspeth over, missing the heat and the vital thrum of her heart
 immediately.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The look on Edward's face was indescribably paternal as he cradled our child.
 “She's perfect,” he murmured.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know,” I said, gloatingly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oooh,” said Elspeth, with an uncannily toothy smile for a newborn infant,
 and we arrived at our fairytale home in the woods to try to interest her
 in non-blood comestibles.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
