#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{8}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Witches and Werewolves
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered, during Biology as the teacher nattered on interminably about
 cell walls, how much it was going to hurt the Bella-and-Edward-are-Together
 Show that I'd changed lab partners.
 Angela and Mike at least knew I'd done it deliberately.
 I didn't know what they thought my motives really were -- Mike at least
 had seen the way Edward had first looked at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And it would be just 
\emph on
like
\emph default
 Mike to jump to conclusions about that, decide I was in an abusive relationship
, and think I must need 
\emph on
him
\emph default
 available to turn to\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 I hoped Jessica would distract him enough.
 If Mike had 
\emph on
any
\emph default
 sense -- or, if he lacked sense in certain possible ways -- he wouldn't
 be thrown off by a sappy public image: there was no actual reason it couldn't
 coexist with dreadful mistreatment behind the scenes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It wouldn't just be annoying to me if Mike got too nosy -- he could get
 himself killed or have to be vamped, if he found anything out.
 (Although\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 just what surveillance mechanisms did the Volturi have, anyway?
 Did they have an Alice-equivalent among their guard, or something less
 effective? If someone bugged the Cullens' house while they were all out,
 saw some things, figured others out -- could they go to the grave never
 telling, without being hunted down?)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I crossed my fingers.
 I didn't think this would accomplish anything, but it was a way to put
 my hope out in the world without writing anything down, and I knew what
 it meant whereas Alice would likely be puzzled.
 Although perhaps, I reflected, I should warn the vampires anyway -- but
 Mike hadn't shown signs of being insufferable about it, let alone dangerously
 inquisitive.
 Yet.
 I'd make Wednesday my sit-with-the-humans day and check in\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 or I could let
 Edward, just him, know, and get him to spy\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I made a face, tilting my head forward first so my hair would get in the
 way of Angela or anyone else noticing.
 Edward had such a 
\emph on
convenient
\emph default
 power.
 It was just outrageously tempting to ask him to use it when I wasn't even
 sure of its necessity.
 Alice had been right -- show me a mystery and I 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 poke, poke, poke at it until I figured it out or I was 
\emph on
dead
\emph default
.
 I bit my lip: I would not ask Edward to invade Mike's privacy based on
 vague concerns that I could probably check up on without needing any telepathy
 at all.
 I valued 
\emph on
my
\emph default
 privacy so much -- it would be the absolute height of conceit to assume
 Mike's was less important.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On that subject, it was about time for me to pin Alice in place long enough
 to see about getting myself some notebooky privacy, too.
 I'd visit that afternoon and try to catch her then -- but after that, homework,
 definitely homework.
 Negative academic attention -- from teachers or from Charlie -- was the
 last thing I needed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I supported my chin with my hand, let jargon about cell anatomy wash over
 me, and wondered what fjords looked like up close.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I did get Alice to conduct a quick experiment with me as soon as I got to
 their house.
 Although vampires could see in the dark, she didn't have the ability to
 move her vantage point quite as she pleased.
 She 
\emph on
tended
\emph default
 not to see things as though she were peering out from under beds or behind
 picture frames.
 It was more like she was standing, at her normal height with her normal
 visual acuity (except for uncertainty-induced blurriness), in whatever
 place she looked at.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It wasn't 
\emph on
impossible
\emph default
 that she would be able to see what I typed if I put my keyboard under something
 opaque and turned off my monitor, but it almost certainly wouldn't happen
 by accident, and she promised not to try for those visions outside of dire
 emergencies.
 (I made her specify, in this promise, that 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

dire emergencies” were those where she could see likely futures in which
 the situation was explained to me and I agreed that she had to look at
 the writing.
 I wasn't sure enough about Alice's judgment, this early on in our acquaintance,
 that I was prepared to leave it entirely up to her.) So I could type in
 privacy, and if I draped a thick blanket over myself and pressed my nose
 right up against the backlit screen, I could re-read later in privacy,
 too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The notebooks were not as easy to address.
 I touch-typed, but if I tried to write longhand without being able to see,
 I wound up with illegible scribbles that meandered all over the page.
 And if I ducked under a blanket that was thin enough to admit lamplight,
 it would also be thin enough that a vampire could see through it pretty
 effectively.
 They had a better-than-human ability to separate out the noise of an intermedia
te layer of material from the objects behind it.
 A vampire would have no trouble telling what was going on behind a screen
 door, even a painted one with a distracting picture on the near side, as
 long as there were enough intact little perforations.
 A human would see the screen and stop there and ignore anything spotted
 through the holes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So I decided to continue writing anything private in confusing personal
 code, and use my computer more, when it was available.
 This plan had the weak point of relying on my shifty, wobbly memory to
 fill in the gaps that the shorthand inevitably left, but it was only for
 a few months -- after that, I expected to need no notebooks at all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After I'd had this discussion with Alice, I set up at the kitchen table
 and did homework, only half-concentrating on the worksheets and the index
 cards for my presentation in Government.
 Edward sat with me.
 He was good about not 
\emph on
doing
\emph default
 anything to distract me; he only watched.
 No one could hold still like a vampire.
 But he still had that property, whatever it was, that made my eyes slide
 towards him; whenever he shifted position to better have a look at what
 I was doing, my ears perked up to listen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was sitting close enough that I could smell his breath -- it didn't smell
 like a human's breath at all.
 It didn't smell 
\emph on
wet
\emph default
 in the same way -- it was almost floral.
 That was 
\emph on
peculiar
\emph default
 -- it had to be the venom I was smelling, but why would it smell like lilacs?
 Or not lilacs -- I wasn't sure what flower to compare it to.
 Something nice, anyway.
 But why? It wasn't as though vampires needed to 
\emph on
attract
\emph default
 prey.
 They just needed to catch someone alone, somewhere inconspicuous, and once
 they did that, the result was already overdetermined by their power and
 speed.
 Vampires were certainly ridiculously over-engineered, and I couldn't wait
 to play with all the new abilities\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With effort, I wrenched my attention back to the rectangle of cardstock
 I was trying to transfer notes to.
 
\emph on
The executive branch
\emph default
, it said already in my awful handwriting.
 I made a small grumbling noise and completed the sentence.
 Perfect recall was going to be mine in a few short months.
 And I was learning pointless things I wouldn't remember in two weeks, let
 alone a hundred years, because I was seventeen and that meant I had to
 go to high school and spit back the right information in the right format
 at the right time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't they assign 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 any homework?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I asked, pulling out a new index card.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can do it at night,” he said.
 The unspoken reason was 
\emph on
so I don't have to lose any time with you
\emph default
.
 I was learning to read Edward's face and tone fairly well, at least when
 his feelings were expressed one at a time, not in a tangle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't be that interesting to watch.
 I 
\emph on
am
\emph default
 me and 
\emph on
I'm
\emph default
 bored out of my skull,” I muttered, writing a note on the new index card.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're the one who wanted to do homework,” he said lightly.
 “I'm not bored, though, Bella.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What had put me on Edward's list of possible soul-mates? I took another
 card and almost wrote that question on it instead of the presentation note
 that belonged there.
 I stuck my tongue out at the card, wrote the correct note on it, and then
 pretended not to know what to write on the next one.
 What was it about me? He couldn't have known instantly, or he would have
 acted differently when he'd first seen me.
 So it probably had nothing to do with my looks.
 That was comforting, on some level.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd thought it correlated with the potential for extra vampire powers, which
 correlated with actually being turned, to explain how many vampires seemed
 to pair off without eating their mates first.
 Or possibly beauty, which was another selection criterion.
 I didn't think of myself as pretty, and didn't trust my parents' evaluations
 to the contrary a bit.
 But even if Edward's feelings could be explained away by magic, Mike's
 and Eric's couldn't, and it was pushing it to speculate that they'd only
 been interested because I was new.
 So maybe I was pretty.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wrote the next note, pulled out another card, and sighed.
 I was probably decent-looking enough to make a pretty 
\emph on
vampire
\emph default
, at least -- I was looking forward to that for so many reasons, and that
 was a trivial one, but it still existed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wrote a note.
 I grabbed a new card.
 I hated Government.
 I normally felt neutral about it -- the material was undertaken laboriously
 slowly, but at least it was new to me, and the teacher was reasonably competent.
 But why did it have to assign me a presentation when I wanted so badly
 to have time to think? I supposed the teacher had no way of knowing --
 and 
\emph on
shouldn't
\emph default
 have had any way of knowing -- when these times were.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wrote another note.
 I had a little stack of fifteen cards after I added it to the pile.
 That might be enough.
 Dealing with my impromptu public speaking issues was on my to-hack list
 anyway; going on sparser notes would be a potentially useful step towards
 that.
 I was rationalizing, of course -- I just wanted to be done with homework.
 But I really, 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 wanted to be done with homework, and so as long as there was some way it
 could be made not to bite me in the rear later, I might as well give in
 to that want.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right, I'm done,” I muttered to myself, and started putting school supplies
 away.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What would you like to do with the rest of your day?” Edward asked, smiling.
 I looked at him.
 Radiating from his face was the undiluted desire to see to it that I got
 exactly the Tuesday I wanted.
 It was gratifying, mostly -- and still a little weird, but I was getting
 used to it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So,” I said, sitting back in my chair and recalling a note to myself from
 the previous day, “witches and werewolves, hm?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Witches and we- Oh.
 I mentioned those when I told you about Carlisle,” remembered Edward.
 “Well -- yes, they exist.
 There are actually two kinds of werewolves that I know about, and every
 witch is different.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Besides two kinds of werewolves, witches, and vampires, is there anything
 else mythical that I should know about?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not as far as I know,” said Edward.
 “But I might not have seen everything.
 Anyway, witches.
 That's the technical term for a human with a power -- the kind that turning
 into a vampire generally intensifies.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't know witches were the sorts of things that would have technical
 terminology about them,” I said, and then I sat up suddenly.
 “Wait a minute, that would make me a witch, wouldn't it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It would,” agreed Edward.
 “Although you wouldn't have been the sort of witch that used to be burnt
 at the stake if you'd lived earlier -- your power seems only to protect
 you from mine, and maybe others.
 It doesn't seem to do anything otherwise detectable.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Were you a witch? Jasper?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think either of us would have qualified.
 Extra vampire powers don't 
\emph on
have
\emph default
 to be preceded by witchcraft.
 My ability to read people and Jasper's charisma proved useful, but were
 quite natural when we were human.
 Alice was probably a witch, but we don't know.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “And the two kinds of werewolves? Do they have other names, to tell them
 apart?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The Eurasian variety,” said Edward, “are sometimes also called Children
 of the Moon.
 They're much closer to myth than the other sort.
 Silver won't do anything -- that's a human myth to make it sound to one
 another like they'd have a fighting chance, if they ran into one.
 But they do infect humans by biting, and change during the full moon.
 They're fierce, solitary creatures in wolf form, not at all the sort of
 animal you'd want to meet.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are they normal humans during the rest of the month?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think so.
 I haven't actually encountered any of them.
 They're extinct now, or close to it -- Caius doesn't care for them a bit
 and had them hunted down.
 I only know what Carlisle's told me, and he learned it all from the Volturi.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hunted to extinction with, not silver, presumably -- what?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward tilted his head back a little and laughed.
 “With members of the Volturi guard, of course.
 I'm sure there were casualties on their side.
 Werewolves -- either sort -- can give vampires a run for our money in a
 fight.
 But a transformed Child of the Moon isn't very intelligent.
 That is, they're smarter than normal wolves, but they don't retain their
 human intellects.
 A group of vampires bent on hunting one down could accomplish it.
 Especially if they managed to work out who it was as a human.
 Then it would be quite easy.” He kept switching tenses -- I supposed that
 made sense when talking about the traits of a species that might or might
 not be extinct.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay.
 What about the other kind? Where do they live?” I prompted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not far from here, actually,” Edward said, “but I doubt there are any of
 them left, either.
 We were here seventy years ago and met a pack of them.
 They don't like vampires, but we were able to convince them we didn't prey
 on humans, and made a treaty -- we stay off their land and don't bite anyone,
 and they don't attack us unless we're on their turf.
 But it takes vampire presence to activate the genes that let them shapeshift.
 The pack that was active seventy years ago is likely all inactive now,
 or dead.
 And we haven't been close enough to their land to trigger any new changes.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Where do you mean by `not far from here'?” I asked, aware that vampires
 might easily conceive very differently of distances.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The Quileute reservation, La Push,” Edward said.
 “They probably still tell the stories, even if the actual wolves are all
 gone now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's 
\emph on
quite
\emph default
 close,” I said.
 It was just over a half an hour away -- driving like a 
\emph on
normal
\emph default
 person.
 “I know some people from La Push.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You do?” Edward asked, looking interested.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Charlie's old friends with a guy from there called Billy Black.
 He sold Charlie my truck.
 I used to play with Billy's daughters sometimes, Rachel and Rebecca, when
 I was little.
 I've been out of touch with them lately, though.
 I think they had a younger brother.
 I can't think what his name was, though.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know either,” shrugged Edward.
 “They might be descendants of one of the wolves we met, though -- same
 surname.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So how do the -- do they have their own name besides `wolves'?” Edward
 shook his head.
 “The Quileute wolves, then, how do they work?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He explained.
 They were indistinguishable from normal humans until the gene was activated
 by vampire presence.
 Wolves were quite fast and strong enough to kill vampires, at least when
 they worked as a pack.
 They also healed with extraordinary rapidity, and retained some of these
 powers even in their human forms.
 When the gene woke up and did its work, a gradual buildup of emotion eventually
 provoked the first shift, which, while potentially dangerous to people
 around the wolf (as they expanded quite a bit in size very rapidly) was
 not harmful to its subject.
 Shifting continued to be provoked by lost temper until more practice managing
 both shifting and temper accumulated.
 After that, it was possible to “quit one's wolf” and go back to being a
 relatively normal human.
 A Quileute wolf who 
\emph on
didn't
\emph default
 quit, also didn't age.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What makes you so sure the ones you met seventy years ago aren't still
 alive, then?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They have secrets to keep, too,” Edward said.
 “If they're alive, they've probably faked their deaths and moved away.
 The tribe council likely knows, or at least has enough details to recognize
 the events if anyone should activate now.
 But arbitrary Quileutes, like your friends, almost certainly think of the
 wolves as mere legends.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, and sighed, dropping my chin onto my arms where they lay folded
 across the table.
 “Why -- 
\emph on
why
\emph default
 -- don't people want to be immortal? Why don't people 
\emph on
care
\emph default
 that everyone is dying? Why do they want to cure 
\emph on
some
\emph default
 deadly things like cancer and malaria and then the Quileutes had a 
\emph on
cure for aging
\emph default
 handed to them on a silver 
\emph on
platter
\emph default
 and they gave it up? Is everyone in the world but me 
\emph on
actually suicidal
\emph default
 and I just never noticed because they aren't all taking razors to their
 wrists?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's natural,” murmured Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Cancer's natural.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Cancer isn't inevitable,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Neither is 
\emph on
aging!
\emph default
” I cried, sitting up and gesturing emphatically at Edward.
 “You're going to be seventeen forever.
 
\emph on
I'm
\emph default
 going to be seventeen forever once we've got everything sorted out.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What, do you want to turn everyone into a vampire?” asked Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I told you already, I can't.
 I can't turn everyone or it'll be entirely counterproductive,” I said,
 folding my arms and resting my head on them again.
 “The Volturi want to be immortal, I suppose, but they don't want to 
\emph on
share
\emph default
, do they?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward reached out to stroke my hair.
 It was a soothing, regular motion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm tempted to find Rachel and Rebecca's phone numbers.
 And their brother's.
 And call them all up, and demand that they come visit right away, and have
 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 all sitting there when they show up, so they can live forever -- it wouldn't
 be as bad as turning them without permission, I think, since if they were
 
\emph on
insane
\emph default
 and decided they 
\emph on
didn't
\emph default
 want superpowers and the chance to live forever they could quit their wolves.
 If they were 
\emph on
insane
\emph default
,” I growled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He kept stroking my hair.
 I closed my eyes and tried to calm down, concentrating on the cool, careful
 touch.
 “Is there,” I asked, after having managed some success at this task, “any
 reason I 
\emph on
shouldn't
\emph default
 collect all the Quileutes I can, here on ‘your turf’ where you're allowed
 to be, and activate them?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Immature werewolves are dangerous,” Edward said softly.
 “The connection between their transformations and their tempers means the
 latter is unstable until they learn control.
 They aren't 
\emph on
as
\emph default
 likely to kill as newborn vampires, but it is not out of the question,
 and injuries wouldn't be surprising.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I inhaled as deeply as I could, held the breath until it hurt, and then
 let it out slowly.
 “We could set up a werewolf summer camp,” I said.
 “Put them someplace away from anyone who can't heal like they can, help
 them\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The presence of vampires would 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 help them.
 They instinctively see us as enemies,” Edward said.
 “Vampires and Quileute wolves do not smell pleasant to one another or serve
 as comforting presences for one another.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jasper,” I said, desperately.
 It was a sign that I was very serious, wanting to bring in Jasper...
 “He could activate them, then help them stay calm until they could do it
 themselves, until they were safe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe,” said Edward, surprising me.
 He was still petting my hair.
 “That might work.
 But the Volturi don't know about the Quileutes, I think\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 and are unlikely
 to come to know about them, unless Aro reads one of us, which might not
 happen for centuries if we fly under their radar.
 At least, as long as they remain as unobtrusive as they presently are.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I swore.
 Edward did not, apparently, share Angela's philosophical dislike of strong
 language.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then I swore again.
 “Edward, you said the treaty is that you won't 
\emph on
bite
\emph default
 a human.
 And seventy years ago, if you were rounding, could have been after Carlisle
 turned Emmett.
 He's the most recent turning.
 Was it?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” he said.
 “Does rounding count as lying? I don't understand.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Have any of the slip-ups in the family been since then?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He shook his head, slowly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Will it break the treaty if you turn me? Even if you don't do it here?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward was silent.
 “Technically,” he said.
 “Yes.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought quickly.
 “Does the treaty say 
\emph on
bite
\emph default
 -- that exact word?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It does,” he confirmed.
 His hand had stopped moving over my head and was resting on the back of
 my neck.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you turn me without actually biting me? Alice said something about
 crying into an open wound\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She did? That's a bit of a fanciful way of putting it.
 We 
\emph on
have
\emph default
 venom in our eyes\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 but we don't really 
\emph on
cry
\emph default
.
 You'd have to collect it over a long time, and get it into the bloodstream
 indirectly.
 I can't think of anything less efficient.
 The mouth is the better source.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But it doesn't absolutely have to be a bite.
 You could fill a syringe and inject it, maybe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” he said.
 “Yes, that would work.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All right,” I said, letting out another sigh.
 “So if I figure out a way to activate some wolves without getting the Volturi's
 attention, I won't necessarily have a war on my hands over my having been
 turned.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ambitious, aren't you,” he remarked in a soft, almost admiring tone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I lifted my head, and he drew his hand back to the table in front of him.
 “It shouldn't 
\emph on
be
\emph default
 ambitious,” I said.
 “It shouldn't be uncommon or special or rebellious or anything like that
 to want people to live.
 If I were holding down a job and giving half my income to oncology researchers
 or something, I wouldn't be 
\emph on
ambitious
\emph default
.
 Altruistic -- plenty that -- but not 
\emph on
ambitious
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You know, if you keep saying this sort of thing, eventually I might agree
 with you,” Edward said lightly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't help but see that as a good result,” I said, fussing with the end
 of my sleeve.
 “It looks from here like you don't have any sound reasons for believing
 the way you do -- just tangled-up emotions that won't let you hear what
 I'm saying as though I'm talking clear English.
 If I can get through to you in spite of that by saying that death is bad
 a lot, well, then, I guess I'll say it a lot.
 Death is bad.
 Death is bad.
 Death is bad.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It really bothers you, what I said about souls,” he observed in a low voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It did, I guess, at the time.
 Now I'm just sort of 
\emph on
generally
\emph default
 bothered by 
\emph on
everyone
\emph default
 who wants to tolerate death like it's their annoying-but-harmless old uncle
 who comes round every Thanksgiving and without whom the family would be
 incomplete, or something.
 It's not harmless.
 And there's no ineradicable reason it has to exist at all.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let's talk about something else,” said Edward, breaking eye contact and
 frowning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll dole it out in small doses, if you need me to, but I'm not apt to
 quit,” I warned him.
 “Ask Alice.
 You'd have to stay away from me entirely to avoid hearing about it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I could never stay away,” he said, looking back into my eyes.
 “I thought at first that I should...
 but Alice was right, when she told me I wasn't strong enough to do that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Good,” I whispered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I got home late -- well after Charlie had already given up on a fresh dinner
 and microwaved himself some leftovers.
 “Hey, Bells,” he said when I let myself in.
 He turned off the TV and turned half-around on the sofa to look at me.
 “Where were you?” He didn't say it accusingly or as though he were disappointed
; he didn't think I'd been spraying graffiti on buildings or knocking over
 mailboxes, and wasn't upset that I hadn't been home to cook one night out
 of the week.
 He was taking an interest in my life.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had taken a little time to think through how Charlie modeled me, and according
ly, what the best way to convince him that I was plausibly going to elope
 with Edward in the summer would be.
 And so I had a script ready.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” I said, with an absent sort of smile on my face, “I was with Edward.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie raised an eyebrow.
 “Edward Cullen?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded rapidly.
 “Yes, you met him on Saturday when he came by...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Studying Biology again?” asked Charlie, although he didn't sound like this
 was his first guess.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I shook my head, carelessly letting a lock of hair fall into my face and
 then tucking it behind my ear again.
 “We did some homework,” I said slowly (well, between the two of us, some
 homework had gotten done), “but mostly we were just 
\emph on
talking
\emph default
\SpecialChar \ldots{}
” I let my eyes fly wide open, and said, “I mean, I'm friends with his sisters.
 I hung out with Alice some too, that was the first thing I did when I got
 to his house.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I see,” muttered Charlie.
 And he didn't pry.
 I hadn't expected him to.
 But I thought I'd pretty effectively planted the idea.
 Charlie would probably grill Edward a little bit the next time he was by
 the house to pick me up for some outing.
 Sometime during the ensuing week I would have to casually drop the word
 “boyfriend” in Charlie's earshot -- possibly on the phone to Jessica or
 Angela.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I smiled brightly at him, promised that there would be dinner at dinnertime
 on Thursday, and trotted up the stairs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sort-of-pretending with Edward was more fun than it had any business being.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was imaginative about it, never indulging the temptation to repetitiveness
 that could have given us away.
 He snuck up on me between classes one morning, dipped me, and planted a
 kiss on my forehead.
 He joined me and my human friends at lunch when I sat with them instead
 of the vampires, sending Jessica into such paroxysms that I thought she
 might need to be carried off to the nurse.
 He walked me from the cafeteria to the science building every day, linking
 arms or holding hands or putting his arm around me.
 He did all of this with a proud, smug expression on his face, to the point
 where onlookers must have thought he'd landed a movie star or a supermodel
 if they looked only at him and not at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He sent a perfect little paper airplane towards me during Biology, timed
 so the teacher couldn't see -- but Angela could, when it made its landing
 right on my open textbook.
 She didn't lean over and demand to see the note written on it, but I showed
 her anyway, with a not-entirely-affected grin on my face: he'd transcribed
 flowery poems onto the sheet before folding it up.
 Angela smiled and patted my hand in a supportive, friendly manner.
 I folded up the paper into a square and kept it in my pocket.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was not quite so creative, and found it much easier to play the part of
 the infatuated girl swept off her feet.
 I giggled more than I was accustomed to giggling, and leaned towards him
 when he touched me -- which was whenever I was within arm's reach.
 I accepted and often wore his jacket.
 (He wasn't bothered by the February chill, and only owned the jacket for
 aesthetic and disguise reasons; but it was a visible token of his affection
 I could put on.) I spent a lot of time looking up at him through my eyelashes,
 admiring the planes of his face and trying to seem adoring.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was one omission: I hadn't quite had the temerity to ask about the
 finer points of vampire venom as it applied to kissing, and without that
 information wasn't prepared to attempt to kiss him on the lips.
 He was quite free with them elsewhere: my neck and forehead and nose and
 cheeks and the top of my head and my fingers did not lack for attention.
 But the longer he went without taking that liberty, or even asking if he
 might, the more I suspected that there must be some risk of premature infection
 associated with it -- and so I let it lie.
 I was quite suffused with affection as it was and in a few months I would
 not be at any such risk.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Away from school, it was different -- although depending on how one counted,
 it wasn't necessarily any less romantic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 the reason for the piano on the dais.
 Rosalie also played; actually, all of them 
\emph on
could
\emph default
 play, the way anyone with perfect recall living in a piano-occupied house
 would pick up the skill.
 But Edward was the musician.
 He 
\emph on
composed
\emph default
.
 He wrote a song for me.
 I suspected it might be about some more specific subject than me, Bella
 Swan, in my entirety -- but he declined to specify, and I didn't press
 the subject.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He took me out to lunch most weekends.
 He knew I wanted to be home to cook dinner for Charlie more days than not,
 but when I consented to be whisked away in the evenings, whisked I was.
 He lingered at my house after taking me home from these outings.
 Charlie approved quietly of Edward, who called him “sir” and behaved very
 deferentially.
 There were fewer flagrant displays of couplehood when we were there, but
 Edward did an excellent job of making it look as though he 
\emph on
wished
\emph default
 there were more.
 That might have been for Charlie's benefit -- or not.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Whenever I was within arm's reach, he touched me, with or without an audience.
 I went about dressed more warmly than the weather called for to be comfortable
 with the chilly caresses.
 He was always gentle, always cautious, forever moving my hair out of my
 face or stroking my cheek or kissing the back of my neck.
 He acted as though he was taking advantage of a rare, prized opportunity
 every time, but he did it so often that it didn't feel that way to me.
 I felt like half of a comfortable, longstanding couple -- and I 
\emph on
liked
\emph default
 it, far more than I'd have expected if I had been polled in the fall.
 It was easy, it was soothing.
 My parents were neither of them very cuddly people -- and Charlie less
 so than Renée.
 I wasn't used to much physical contact beyond handshakes and, sometimes,
 hugs on special occasions.
 But it was nice to have -- to have 
\emph on
without
\emph default
 having to awkwardly say, “Hug?” to a relative before he or she got on an
 airplane or any similarly forced direct request.
 I could just sit next to Edward and lean on him if I felt like it, and
 get a kiss in the part of my hair as a bonus.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Not all of the shivering I did had to do with the winter 
\emph on
or
\emph default
 Edward's low body temperature.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Valentine's Day was a Monday.
 Edward managed to leave a small item at my seat in every one of my classes,
 including the mat in the corner of the gym where I did my yoga -- he must
 have ducked into the classrooms between bells to leave them.
 By lunch, I'd acquired two thematically appropriate packets of candy, a
 sparkly bracelet that\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 
\emph on
probably
\emph default
 wasn't covered in 
\emph on
rhinestones
\emph default
\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 and a 
\noun on
cd
\noun default
 accompanied by a note stating that it contained recordings of Edward's
 compositions.
 I slipped the bracelet over my left hand.
 When I arrived at the vampire table for lunch, Edward's eyes rested on
 it for a moment, and he had a look of satisfaction on his face when he
 looked up at me.
 “I wasn't sure if that was going to be too much,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's beautiful,” I said.
 “It's entirely too much, I would have told you not to buy it, but I'm not
 planning to give it back.” I jangled it on my wrist a little.
 “No more jewelry, though, or Jessica will have a stroke.
 The candy was delicious and I can't wait to listen to the music.
 Thank you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No more jewelry 
\emph on
ever?
\emph default
” he asked, like he was asking permission to do something far more self-indulgen
t than shower me with gifts.
 My right hand was occupied with stabbing a fork into my meatloaf, but he
 took my left hand and clasped it in both of his.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Nothing remotely this nice for the next two months,” I said, “at least.”
 I tilted my head to one side and quickly looked at Alice's and Rosalie's
 ears: neither had them pierced.
 “If I get my ears pierced, will they heal closed when I turn?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you're not wearing earrings at the time, they will,” Rosalie said.
 “If you have earrings in, they might stay.
 But then you have to count on that being in fashion for hundreds and hundreds
 of years.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“True.
 I've done without this long.
 And there are clips and magnets -- I guess magnets would rely less on the
 earlobe being easily compressible.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have loads of magnet earrings,” Alice said.
 “I just don't wear them to school much because once about twelve years
 ago I got into a very annoying conversation with someone who thought that
 if I liked earrings enough to wear them every day, I ought to go get my
 ears pierced at her aunt's parlor, and she wouldn't leave me be.
 It's not that hard to fix up a regular earring to attach with magnets,
 if you know how.
 I'll show you sometime.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After lunch, Edward did not run ahead of me to biology in order to leave
 a gift at my table -- he must have done it before lunch.
 I unwrapped it; it was a hair clip.
 It was very nice, but made mostly of wood, so I supposed it might not technical
ly count as jewelry (and at any rate he'd put it there before I'd said to
 hold off on more.) I gathered my hair together and pinned it back; Edward
 heard the clip snap closed with a soft 
\emph on
tok
\emph default
, and looked around to smile at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At gym, it was just a note: it said that, as I read it, he was installing
 a stereo in my truck.
 I laughed softly and put the note into my bag.
 His last class was Spanish, and the teacher knew perfectly well that he
 was fluent (in fact, better than she was); he had de facto permission to
 cut whenever he pleased.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The stereo, which was so perfectly installed that it looked like it had
 come with the truck apart from being a hundred times newer than everything
 around it, was well equipped to play my new 
\noun on
cd
\noun default
.
 Edward readily played whatever songs I liked whenever we were at his house,
 but it was nice to have them in a portable form.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A disturbing thought occurred to me, as I drove home -- to do my schoolwork
 without Edward's distracting presence before meeting him at the Cullen
 house, as had become my habit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With as little history experiencing and labeling romantic emotions as I
 had, I might not even be able to tell when I stopped pretending.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was not able to start my homework as soon as I'd expected.
 When I got home, Billy Black -- and his son, a teenager now, whose name
 I couldn't quite call to mind -- were there.
 I thought at first that it was simply a visit to Charlie.
 If Billy couldn't drive, it would only make sense that he'd enlist his
 son to cart him about occasionally -- was the boy old enough to drive?
 I knew he was younger than me, but wasn't sure how much.
 He looked about fourteen or fifteen, but might be sixteen.
 I didn't play with boys as a ten-year-old girl, whatever their ages, when
 there were girls like his sisters handy, so the fact that I didn't recall
 him clearly was no clue.
 With Billy in the passenger seat, perhaps still licensed to drive even
 if no longer physically capable of it, the kid could probably play chauffeur
 with only a learner's permit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Billy and Charlie were watching a game on TV, but whatever it was didn't
 interest the younger Black, who was sitting in the kitchen and appeared
 to be doing his own homework.
 He looked up and offered a friendly smile when I walked in.
 “Hi, Bella!” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Well, that made it awkward that I didn't know his name.
 “Hi,” I replied cheerfully, dumping my bookbag on the kitchen table and
 sitting down to be sociable.
 “I'm afraid I don't\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm Jacob,” he supplied, interrupting me; I gritted my teeth, told myself
 that if he'd known me well enough to avoid that, I would have 
\emph on
known
\emph default
 his name and he wouldn't have needed to do it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi, Jacob,” I said.
 “Sorry about that.
 I know who you are, but I mostly remember Rachel and Rebecca.” And even
 them, I hadn't seen much after I managed to make my distaste for fishing
 sufficiently clear.
 That was Charlie's primary reason for bringing me to visit, was to instill
 his love for yanking ichthyoids out of the water into his child on large
 joint excursions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah, it's okay,” Jacob said amiably.
 I hoped suddenly that Edward would not approach the house, looking to see
 where I'd gotten to.
 I wasn't sure if I could politely excuse myself now that I'd gotten into
 a conversation with Jacob.
 If I didn't turn up after a reasonable homework-doing period of time had
 elapsed, Edward might wonder what had happened.
 I didn't have a plan yet for safely dealing with Quileute wolves, which
 Jacob could quite likely become if he hung out with vampires at all.
 “Billy was hoping to talk to you,” the maybe-future-werewolf went on.
 “I think he's really invested in this game, now, though, so would you mind
 hanging out until it's over? I don't know if you were planning to go anywhere.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Usually I come home, do my work,” I gestured at Jacob's own textbooks,
 “and then hang out at my boyfriend's house for a few hours before dinner.”
 I unzipped my knapsack and retrieved the brick that was my Trig book.
 “I don't know how long the game's going to be, but I can hang back a little.
 Might want to call my boyfriend, though, so he knows what's up.” I said
 the word “boyfriend” twice quite deliberately.
 I didn't want to have to play matchmaker again.
 There was no reason to expect Jacob in particular to need deflecting, but
 since he didn't go to my school and hadn't seen the flagrant display of
 the last couple weeks, it seemed prudent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” Jacob said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took out all the other materials I'd need to do my homework, then got
 up and dialed the phone.
 Jasper picked it up; I recognized his low, controlled voice.
 The Southern accent he employed privately was practiced away in case I
 was someone else.
 “Cullen residence,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi, Jasper,” I said.
 “It's me.
 Can I talk to Edward?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's voice replaced Jasper's immediately.
 “Hello, Bella.
 What is it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ch- Dad has some guests over,” I said, remembering half a syllable into
 Charlie's name that he preferred I not call him that, and that he was within
 earshot.
 “Remember I told you about Billy? It's him and his son Jacob.
 I'm going to stay and be sociable, and make sure they eat a nice dinner.
 I might not be over today at all.
 So please don't be alarmed and come wondering what the holdup is.” 
\emph on
Please don't come and activate the wolves
\emph default
, I meant, and hoped he'd understand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you think you'll be able to come over at all today?” he asked.
 “It 
\emph on
is
\emph default
 Valentine's day\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know it's Valentine's day, I really wanted to come over,” I said, sounding
 too clingy even to myself -- I saw Jacob make a face out of the corner
 of my eye.
 “You didn't have anything planned that depends on me being there today
 in particular, did you? Chocolates taste just as good on the fifteenth.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's all right,” Edward said, soothing even over the phone -- there might
 or might not be reservations or plans in place, but he clearly didn't want
 me to fret over them.
 “Oh, and Bella -- Billy may well know about us, and about Quileute wolves.
 If he hints about it enough that you think he does, and you're talking
 to him alone, it won't put anyone in additional danger for you to speak
 freely.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you think that's likely?” I asked.
 I wondered suddenly what Billy was even doing here -- usually Charlie went
 to the reservation.
 Jacob had said he wanted to talk to me.
 Was he going to say something about the vampires?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Possibly,” Edward said.
 “Will you call me after they've gone and let me know what, if anything,
 happens?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll see you tomorrow, at the latest, then,” Edward said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a pause, where it sounded like he was thinking the words 
\emph on
I love you
\emph default
 very hard and not saying them because Alice had said to go 
\emph on
slow
\emph default
 -- and I said, “Yes, tomorrow.
 Happy Valentine's Day!” and hung up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Had Alice been specific about the meaning of “
\emph on
slow
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“His name is `Edward'?” Jacob asked, sounding like he didn't much care for
 the name.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I said, flipping my math notebook open and finding the assigned problem
 set in the text.
 “Do you or Billy have any food issues I should know about?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not sure if we're staying for dinner, actually,” Jacob said.
 “If we do, Billy's diabetic, don't feed him anything too loaded up on carbs
 but otherwise he's not that careful about it.
 I'm not picky.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The game ended, and I heard the 
\noun on
tv
\noun default
 power off.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” said Billy, rolling into the kitchen.
 “It's good to see you again.
 Could I trouble you to join me for a walk, or are you very busy?” He looked
 at my homework.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've barely started,” I said.
 “I'd be happy to go with you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie and Jacob got Billy's wheelchair over the single front step with
 some effort, and then I stepped out after him.
 “If you could just push me around the block,” Billy asked politely; the
 roads were in poor repair and couldn't be easy to navigate for him on his
 own.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took hold of the handles sticking out of the back of the chair and propelled
 him down the driveway at a steady pace.
 “So,” I said, “what did you want to talk to me about?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Charlie tells me you've been spending a lot of time with the Cullens,”
 he said without further preamble.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I maneuvered him around a pothole.
 “That's correct,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You probably don't know this,” Billy continued, “but the Cullen family
 has an unpleasant reputation on the reservation.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'd heard something about that, in fact,” I said.
 “It seems to me that more than enough time has passed and it really should
 have died down by now.” If Billy didn't know the details, if he were just
 warning me away from an outcast family, this would sound like I was siding
 with Charlie and thought they'd proven themselves worthy.
 If he did, he'd know I was talking about the seventy years since the vampires
 had last come to Forks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You seem well-informed,” Billy said slowly.
 I wasn't positioned to see his face, but he sounded like he was speaking
 too deliberately -- trying not to mess something important up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, I'm sure Charlie talks all the time about how I will poke and poke
 at an unanswered question that happens to strike my fancy, until I know
 the answer,” I said lightly.
 “I know all 
\emph on
kinds
\emph default
 of things.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mmm.
 Does Charlie know all kinds of things?” Billy asked, probing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I find he doesn't have at all the same attitude towards mysteries,” I said.
 “I also find that he finds me trustworthy in general and has respect for
 my judgment.
 And I find that some people are very, 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 attached to their secrets, and might not care for the people who stumble
 across them.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Billy was silent for a minute; I pushed him around a car parked on the street,
 undercorrected for the slope, and narrowly avoided steering him into the
 gutter.
 “Sorry,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't worry about it,” Billy said.
 Ironically, I was less clumsy piloting the chair than I was walking about
 in its absence -- it gave me something to hang onto.
 “You're probably right about Charlie,” he said after another pause.
 “What are 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 going to do about the\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 secret-keepers?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you can't beat 'em,” I said cheerfully, “join 'em.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Billy went rigid where he sat.
 “Bella,” he said warningly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know the details.
 Believe me, I do.
 And I know about the treaty,” I went on, after checking for neighbors out
 strolling -- there were none.
 “It's got some very specific language in it, which leaves a handy loophole
 for me to hop through.
 I'll be just fine, Billy.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was gripping his armrests and his knuckles were white.
 “
\emph on
Bella Swan
\emph default
,” he said again.
 “You have no idea
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I bit my lip, fighting the urge to cut in and tell him that I had a very
 
\emph on
good
\emph default
 idea indeed, but words failed him and after a few seconds I said it aloud.
 “I've been filled in to my own satisfaction on the important parts.
 I'm not sure how much 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 know,” I said.
 “Edward said you might know about his family, and about, well, 
\emph on
yours
\emph default
 -- but didn't specify the level of detail.
 Anything I can fill you in on, to put you at ease?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Billy swiveled his head to look at me, incredulity on his face.
 He turned back around without saying anything.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'd actually like to talk to you about\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 your own sort,” I said.
 We had somehow gotten into the pattern of using indirect words and it was
 difficult to be the first to break it.
 “It sounds like there've been some old skills lost.
 I think that's sad -- I'd like to help you get them back, if you're willing.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm too old,” Billy murmured, and I couldn't make out the emotion behind
 it -- did he want to be a wolf, as I thought sane, and feel sad that he
 couldn't? Was he glad to be safe from my machinations? Perhaps he'd 
\emph on
been
\emph default
 a wolf, seventy years ago, and kept it long enough to look only a little
 past fifty now -- and now either regretted it or felt he'd had good reasons
 to quit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not everyone is.
 Jacob,” I suggested.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't know what you're playing with, Bella,” Billy said warningly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've told you several times that I know quite a bit.
 But I'm not planning to do anything very soon that directly concerns you,”
 I said.
 “Or anything that involves uninformed parties ever.
 I'm not going to show up in the night and restore all the old Quileute
 traditions unexpectedly.
 Everyone needs to make their own choices.
 I've picked out one for myself, and I hope you understand that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We'd gone full circle around the block.
 I pushed Billy up the driveway and then opened the door so less accident-prone
 persons could haul him over the step.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Blacks stayed for dinner; Billy kept giving me strange looks, but didn't
 say anything else hinting while Charlie and Jacob watched.
 I baked fish, and then made small talk with Jacob over our respective homeworks
 for about an hour, before I finished my work, decided I'd put in enough
 of an appearance, and escaped to visit my boyfriend.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
