#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{19}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.3500000000000001
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Europe
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A few hours later, Gianna announced loudly that she was running low on certain
 food items and needed either permission to take one of the cars or for
 Edward to bring her to the store.
 She didn't know I was in the building, apparently.
 Edward sighed, made himself presentable, and went down to give her a set
 of keys.
 While he supplied directions to the grocery store and counted out some
 Canadian dollars for her, I stared at the ceiling and thought.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Assuming I managed to get rid of the Volturi, the power vacuum 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 need to be filled or things would only get worse.
 Vampires were, as a group, violent creatures: force unto intolerable pain
 or death was the only viable threat and the only realistic means of resolving
 conflict, and this had to be delivered by more vampires.
 (Or, I supposed, werewolves.) There wasn't a vampire economy I could corner,
 influencing its participants to behave themselves thereby.
 There wasn't a significant vampire 
\emph on
society
\emph default
 in which reputation was reliably important -- the only social connections
 that reliably mattered to arbitrary vampires were mate bonds, impermeable
 to the vicissitudes of crime and punishment and not possessed universally
 anyway.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If I had about half a dozen of Alec, and they worked for me, something could
 be set up to work like a prison, without the only options for keeping order
 involving actions that were themselves repulsive.
 But I didn't know where to find half a dozen of Alec, let alone how to
 get them on board with careers as prison guards for a vegetarian vampire
 regime.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At any rate, I wasn't sure if I could beat the Volturi in a stand-up fight
 even if my coven, the Denali coven, all the friends of the family, and
 the entire pack of Quileutes fought at my side.
 I was the only one immune to Jane and Alec, the weapons -- well, technically,
 illusionists -- of the guard, and I was not so personally puissant that
 I could expect to defeat them all by myself.
 I needed more allies, ready to call into place when they accumulated critical
 mass.
 In all probability, I wouldn't be able to move until Gianna had had my
 baby and said baby had gotten to be old enough to sanely turn -- until
 then, the child would be a terrible vulnerability that my attempt at rebellion
 could ill afford.
 So I had a while to think about where to get six of the anesthetic witch
 twin, and other details of my intended administration.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a bitter leisure.
 
\emph on
Murders
\emph default
 were going on every day, all over the world, at the hands and teeth of
 hidden but otherwise unchecked vampires.
 And, at an even more staggering scale, people were dying for more mundane
 reasons.
 People like Ilario, except without his convenient connections and massive
 stroke of luck, were falling prey to disease.
 Age and injury and human-originated violence claimed more.
 Perhaps not all of these dying humans would want the rescue of vampirism,
 but they could not even be 
\emph on
offered that choice
\emph default
 under Volturi law.
 I could only pluck a few from the maw of oblivion, here and there, based
 on 
\emph on
excuses
\emph default
 and 
\emph on
chance
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It occurred to me that I hadn't checked my e-mail in far too long, and I
 found my computer.
 I was looking at my e-mail inbox when Edward had finished teaching Gianna
 the phrases of French she'd need to buy groceries and returned to the second
 floor.
 He didn't look over my shoulder, just peered into the room to see what
 I was doing and went elsewhere.
 I heard the piano's trilling notes as he played a sonata to occupy himself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had several e-mails from both of my parents, which I scanned first and
 then replied to together rather than individually addressing each of Renée's
 dozen three-sentence news updates or Charlie's four giant rants/expressions
 of affection.
 I gave them both good-sized replies, telling them what little I could about
 what I'd been up to and padding with nostalgia and inquiries about their
 lives.
 Since they had no reason to expect me to be all that interesting, they
 were unlikely to find the limited disclosure odd.
 In most people's lives, having “started to learn Norwegian” would be the
 most momentous event of an entire month, let alone week.
 (I didn't mention Italian, French, Portuguese, Ukrainian, or anything else
 on my list.
 Humans did not normally try to learn that many languages at once.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel had also sent me several e-mails, which I didn't think were urgent
 because she hadn't texted, but which I opened with some trepidation anyway.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One was an update on Sue Clearwater.
 After a lot of long, loud conversations with her daughter, Sue had apparently
 come to the conclusion that if Harry was 
\emph on
dead
\emph default
, then Leah had killed him.
 This was not an acceptable thing to have happened.
 Sue didn't want to live in a world where her daughter had killed her husband.
 And so she'd decided that Harry was not dead -- but progress beyond that
 was slow in coming, Rachel reported.
 Sue seemed agnostic as to the question of whether vampirism dissolved human
 marriage, had no clear opinion about whether she ever wanted to see Harry
 again, was adamant that Leah and Seth should not attempt to visit him (thankful
ly -- I didn't want the other Denalis learning about werewolves yet), and
 was not one bit happy about the entire mess.
 Rachel added as a footnote here that Leah was grateful for my rescue of
 her father and that Seth still thought I was a 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

nice vampire
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The next e-mail was what Rachel saw fit to relay to me about Harry's electronic
 correspondence with his children.
 He did not like Denali very much, and had trouble getting along with everyone
 in the coven except Carmen and Eleazar (so it was lucky that he was in
 their house).
 This was exacerbated by the fact that the sisters and Laurent interpreted
 any display of significant emotion from a newborn as reason to become wary
 and occasionally violent, trying to keep things from spiraling out of control.
 But Harry did not lack for a source of significant emotion: he missed his
 children.
 Also, he seemed more interested in soothing Sue's discomfort than I would
 have predicted.
 Maybe she was supposed to be his mate after all.
 I didn't know quite how that would manifest given that they'd never been
 in one another's physical presence since he'd 
\emph on
started
\emph default
 turning, let alone opened his eyes, but if it turned out to be the case,
 I supposed I'd find out.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was then an e-mail stating that the pack had finally, as a group,
 gotten sufficiently controlled that Rachel had authorized breaking camp
 and going back to living full-time in the village.
 The entire tribe was cleared to know the secret, but under strict instructions
 from the tribe elders and Chief Rachel not to share it elsewhere.
 (The elders now included Sue Clearwater, who had taken her husband's place
 in his absence, and would likely retain it even if he moved back to the
 reservation due to his being a vampire.) Rachel had not run out of money,
 but anticipated doing so in relatively short order and wanted more; I called
 Gianna, asked her to pick up envelopes and stamps while she was out, and
 looked up the French words she would need to purchase those things.
 I replied to this e-mail saying I'd get a check in the mail.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then, after that, I read her latest message.
 It was about Sam, Leah's fiancé -- but no more.
 There was one tribe legend I had not happened to hear.
 Werewolves were supposedly prone to “imprinting” -- which was something
 like a unidirectional and more psychologically unique version of vampire
 mating.
 And Sam had gone and imprinted on Leah's second cousin Emily, who had come
 for a surprise visit from the Makah reservation where she lived.
 This was apparently not infrequent; growing up, Leah and Emily had been
 close as sisters.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Through their shared thoughts, everybody in the pack knew exactly what had
 happened to Sam.
 Rachel described it as being like the sudden extinction of the sun: “like
 there's no other light or warmth in the world except from her,” she'd written.
 “Being in Sam's head is really weird because he has everybody in the pack
 half in love with Emily just because he's so anchored to her.
 It wasn't like that before when it was him and Leah, and that was already
 plenty.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, a unique ability among the pack members -- Leah included -- to
 empathize intimately with his change of heart didn't prevent it from becoming
 major drama.
 Leah was inconsolable at the betrayal, especially on top of her father's
 sudden absence due to her having lost control, and was staying out of wolf
 form as much as she could manage to avoid having to run across Sam's thoughts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emily had been brought into the know: imprinting overrode even Rachel's
 echoey Alpha commands for secrecy, and Sam had told his imprintee everything
 the moment he laid eyes on her.
 This did not impress her.
 Emily's loyalty was to Leah, and she didn't show any inclination to accept
 Sam's mystically acquired devotion.
 She was crashing at the Clearwater's house to help comfort her cousin,
 since most of Leah's other friends were in the pack and had trace amounts
 of sympathy for Sam.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The other wolves were not thrilled about this development.
 Or at least, most of them weren't.
 A couple thought that imprinting would be romantic or something and looked
 forward to it eagerly, although legend had indicated that it was a rare
 phenomenon even among wolves.
 But Becky was terrified, as were the handful of other wolves who had significan
t others and hadn't imprinted on them.
 The only way to prevent imprinting, according to the corpus of stories
 available, was to not see the person on whom one would imprint.
 A few of the pack had accordingly moved out into the woods to camp out
 again, thereby avoiding most visual contact with humans.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel speculated that with everything going on, I might want to “stay far,
 far away from Leah -- she doesn't really hate you, and she's still grateful
 you saved her dad, but you're kind of turning into the herald of all things
 awful in her life the way she thinks of it”.
 Since I had no immediate plans to go to La Push, this was fine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sent Rachel another reply, asking for more information on how imprinting
 worked as it became available, and then I went downstairs to listen more
 closely to Edward's music.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The following Monday, Alice's vision of Ilario's resistance to human scent
 shored up.
 She brought home a human to waft under his nose, and then escorted her
 out again unharmed, although Ilario had been considerably twitchier and
 more dependent on water during the exercise than I had with Nils.
 He didn't want to risk Gianna until he was surer of himself, so he started
 going on excursions with Alice and Jasper in (sparsely) populated areas
 of Norway.
 No one died.
 That Thursday, Edward, Gianna, and I flew back to Europe.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm going to need to apologize to whoever that car belonged to,” I remarked
 softly during the flight.
 Oddly, Edward hadn't asked at all about what had become of it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It was mine,” he said.
 “It's all right; it was hardly a favorite.
 I thought you'd want something inconspicuous.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I told him the story of how the car had come to be wrecked, and he didn't
 bat an eye, just approved of my careful destruction of evidence.
 Sheepishly, I said, “I'd offer to replace the car, but it's not like any
 of the money I've been throwing around is 
\emph on
mine
\emph default
 in a meaningful sense; I didn't earn any of it.” I had written Rachel a
 rather 
\emph on
large
\emph default
 check -- just a low enough figure to fly under Alice's threshold of stockbroker
 terrorizing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It 
\emph on
is
\emph default
 yours,” Edward said firmly.
 “You're a part of the family.
 You're my 
\emph on
wife
\emph default
.
 Alice handles the investments because she's uniquely qualified and it amuses
 her.
 Carlisle holds down a paying job because he loves practicing medicine and
 it's hard to do it for free in most places with decent cloud cover.
 But it's shared out among all of us, and you mustn't feel awkward about
 using it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, I know 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 think I should throw it around, but I haven't really done anything to pitch
 in -- I don't just mean that I didn't show up with a wad of cash in my
 pocket, I mean at all.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, when I turned you, we were prepared for the possibility that you'd
 be unable to do anything more sophisticated than growl and hunt for the
 subsequent decade,” said Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A decade? Does it sometimes take that long?” I asked.
 “I thought it was a year.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Usually it's a year, but it varies,” said Edward.
 “It would have been surprising, but less surprising than the reality, if
 you'd still been acting like a newborn in 2015.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought of David, pacing and frightened, and was alarmed by this possibility,
 obviated for myself though it was.
 “Well, even so,” I said.
 “I'm not going to be careful about money if it's as unnecessary as all
 that, fine, but I feel like I should make it known that I want to be useful
 if I can.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward kissed my forehead and murmured in my ear.
 “Bella, my love, you don't know how glad our family is to have you.
 Leaving aside my own supernaturally good luck for the moment -- you are
 Alice's best friend.
 You are a hope for Rosalie, a role model for Jasper, Esme's pride and joy.
 Emmett loves your sense of humor and Carlisle admires you.
 
\emph on
Useful
\emph default
 -- you're 
\emph on
priceless
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Of course Edward had to tell me I was marvelous, but he also had to tell
 me the truth.
 I basked in the compliments and snuggled up for the long flight.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario did not eat Gianna when we got her home, although he didn't like
 to be in the same room as her for very long at a stretch.
 He developed a habit of zipping between rooms at high speed, so he could
 talk to her without breathing the air she occupied.
 She was so overjoyed that he was healthy and had what he wanted that she
 didn't seem to mind the part where he craved her blood so much that he
 couldn't comfortably breathe near her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By the time we finished carrying luggage out of the car in which Esme had
 fetched us, Emmett and Rosalie were debating whether to visit the Irish
 coven by swimming or by catching a plane.
 (Emmett thought swimming would be more fun, whereas Rosalie cited time
 and the difficulty of packing for a sea journey.) I announced an interest
 in acquainting myself with the coven, which caught Edward by surprise,
 although he didn't protest.
 Edward was indifferent to modes of transportation, which left me to break
 Emmett and Rosalie's tie.
 I voted apologetically for swimming, which 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 be interesting, wouldn't have me choosing between muteness and a throat
 full of fire en route, and would mean that the trip wouldn't have to be
 postponed so I could hunt first.
 Rosalie rolled her eyes and asked us to wait for ten minutes so she could
 buy a swim cap and preserve her hair from the ravages of saltwater, and
 I used the time to find a more swimming-friendly outfit than what I had
 on somewhere in my giant closet.
 Eventually I located an actual bathing suit, but I didn't really want to
 go gallivanting around Ireland in one, so I just wore normal clothes in
 fabrics that probably wouldn't look terrible after a few days in the ocean.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We all put our handheld electronics in redundant plastic bags, dove off
 the nearest fjord, and started for Ireland.
 I was actually able to outpace the others: in water, strength was a significant
 enough factor in rapid movement that my newborn arms could pull through
 the water more efficiently than Edward's.
 I swam ahead, and when I happened upon a luckless orca, I ate it; they
 caught up to me during this process and thereafter I kept pace.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward decided to teach me sign language so we could talk while swimming
 underwater.
 It had the convenient feature that I didn't need to learn an accent, that
 being the factor of language learning least affected by vampire memory
 and cognitive speed (though those still helped).
 When I had the alphabet mastered, he could continue teaching me words and
 grammatical conventions without needing to fall back on English.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By way of vocabulary practice, he told me about the coven we were going
 to visit.
 Siobhan was the leader, and as far as she knew she was the oldest vampire
 who lived in Ireland full time.
 She was some eight and a half centuries old.
 Liam was newer, having turned in 1800.
 Siobhan had not turned him -- he'd been created by a Scottish coven making
 an excursion to Ireland, and traveled with them until a later excursion
 saw them run into his mate.
 She'd extracted him from the coven, and made her disinclination to otherwise
 share the space clear, by (with Liam's help) killing one of the Scottish
 vampires and chasing off the other.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie was a little over 150, and had been turned after emigrating to escape
 the Great Famine by an English vampire.
 Her creator, who had been solitary until turning Maggie, had been motivated
 by a suspicion about Maggie's witchcraft potential.
 This had proven correct.
 Maggie could tell when people were lying.
 Homesickness had eventually led Maggie to amicably part from her covenmate
 and return to Ireland in 1982.
 She'd managed to completely miss the existence of Siobhan and Liam until
 ten years later.
 Then they'd run into each other while simultaneously trying to take advantage
 of the cover that an IRA attack could provide for feeding.
 This had nearly turned into a fight: Liam wanted himself and Siobhan to
 go on being the only vampires in Ireland.
 Maggie would likely have run to England, enlisted the help of her former
 covenmate, and fought for the territory, but Siobhan had wanted to add
 her to the group.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My first thought was that of course Liam would do what Siobhan wanted if
 she had the stronger preference, but Edward said that Siobhan was a witch,
 too.
 According to him, she could 
\emph on
will
\emph default
 plans to pan out.
 Siobhan herself did not consider this a talent for anything other than
 good strategy, and I thought the example of Maggie's inclusion in the coven
 was a weak one -- Siobhan hadn't needed to sway anyone but 
\emph on
her own mate
\emph default
 to make it work, for crying out loud.
 Edward didn't have more examples ready to hand.
 While he'd met Siobhan before, she didn't tend to discuss or think about
 situations that could be cases of this power, and so he was taking Carlisle's
 word for it; Carlisle considered the instance of bringing Maggie into the
 coven the quintessential one, and hadn't thought of any others while in
 Edward's range.
 I was curious enough to ask Carlisle about it later, but for the time being
 I was skeptical.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While our route was only about eight hundred miles (plus course corrections
 as needed, vertical or lateral, to avoid boats), swimming was slower than
 running, and we spent almost half a day in the water.
 Rosalie had wanted to land near Edinburgh and run across the larger island,
 then swim the Irish Sea to get to our destination, but Edward thought it
 would be too hard to avoid notice by boats or onshore observers in Edinburgh
 given the time of day -- we probably could have managed it at night.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Instead, we got out of the water near Ballycastle, and then, careful to
 avoid humans, followed Emmett, who'd received instructions on how to find
 the coven.
 They moved around, because non-vegetarian vampires staying in one place
 for too long eventually attracted notice.
 However well-hidden the bodies, missing persons were recorded; but two
 in greater Belfast followed by three near Cork and one in Limerick plus
 two in Galway and then a gaggle of tourists in Dublin didn't form a pattern
 in the minds of investigators who didn't suspect vampires.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered how many missing persons worldwide were 
\emph on
just
\emph default
 missing, and how many were vampire food.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Irish coven were outside a town called Maghera in Northern Ireland.
 I hypothesized that the top bit of the island was a better hunting ground
 than the rest of it because casualties were liable to be chalked up to
 sporadic religious violence, but I didn't speculate aloud.
 Emmett ranged ahead when we approached the designated area to find them
 and explain that there were four of us, not two, and to give them fair
 warning that I had newborn eyes but was not typical of newborns.
 He came back, gave us the go-ahead, and led us into the wooded area where
 the other three vampires waited.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan was a brunette, with a short and well-maintained haircut.
 She was 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 tall and broad, and she moved forward to greet us with an undulating smoothness
 that I considered trying to emulate before deciding that its impressiveness
 depended on her size.
 I wondered if she could beat Emmett in a fight and was unsure.
 She was barefoot, like the others, and they were all dressed in simple
 outdoor wear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Her mate, Liam, followed close behind, a grimly noncommittal expression
 on his face.
 He didn't make any aggressive moves, but I was inclined to watch for them
 anyway -- I had the impression that he wasn't happy about the visit.
 He was only a little shorter than his mate, which made him about Emmett's
 height.
 As vampires went, he wasn't particularly attractive; he was more like Harry
 and David, who'd been turned for reasons unrelating to appearance.
 Or, I supposed, James, who wouldn't have looked unusually lovely even in
 a crowd of humans (or so I'd written; vampire vision might have revealed
 something else).
 His hair was a shade lighter than Siobhan's, and cut similarly to hers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Behind the pair followed the newest member, Maggie, who was about my size
 and had a smiling face wreathed in springy red curls.
 Except for the telltale wine-colored eyes, she seemed very likeable.
 She was also the first to speak, in a perky Irish accent.
 “Hello! It's good to finally meet you!” She was addressing everyone but
 Emmett, who she'd encountered moments before, but she seemed particularly
 interested in me -- probably because of the Super Newborn thing.
 When my eyes were finally gold I could expect to get less (although not
 much less) attention among the general vampire population.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, it's been some time,” acknowledged Siobhan, similarly accented.
 I wondered for half a second why vampires would speak any language with
 an accent, and then mentally kicked myself for assuming that sounding American
 meant 
\emph on
lacking
\emph default
 an accent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We're not usually in Europe long enough to make visits,” apologized Rosalie.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But aren't you all living in Norway now?” inquired Maggie.
 “Why is it just the four of you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's another newborn at home,” explained Edward.
 “He's nearly as controlled as Bella, but not quite.
 It's better to leave him with supervision.” He omitted mention of Gianna,
 without whose presence a smaller contingent of babysitters would have sufficed
 to soothe Ilario's worries about slipping and eating her.
 I supposed that our hosts would be no less likely than any other vampires
 to think it was strange and suspicious that we kept a human around, and
 I wasn't exactly motivated to disclose the details of why she was still
 human.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That explains Jasper, and by extension, Alice,” said Siobhan, “but what
 about Carlisle and Esme? The only reason I've met any of you at all is
 through Carlisle.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Carlisle is still new to his job in Norway, and prefers not to ask for
 time off so soon,” said Edward.
 This was 
\emph on
true
\emph default
 -- I supposed it had to be, if Maggie was to be present -- but not the
 whole story, of course.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, perhaps they'll pay us a visit soon,” said Siobhan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie nodded, and there followed quite a bit of catch-up conversation:
 the latest developments in our coven and theirs.
 Rosalie and Emmett had taken Edward's hint about leaving Gianna unmentioned,
 and they didn't know that I'd left Québec during our trip at all.
 Edward had successfully kept that a secret.
 Bearing in mind the topics I should not mention, I chatted away with the
 others.
 It was much easier to conduct small talk with family present -- or maybe
 it was just Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was interesting, the way we stood.
 There was, as ever, no reason to sit -- and no chairs that might feel neglected
 if we didn't, since we were in the middle of the woods.
 So we were all on our feet.
 The Irish vampires were in a loose V with Siobhan at the hinge, standing
 closest to us.
 Our contingent stood in a line, but clearly divided in half; Emmett had
 his arm around Rosalie and I was holding hands with Edward, and there was
 about two feet between my left foot and Rosalie's right.
 I wondered why Siobhan and Liam weren't touching.
 They'd been mated longer than we had, which might explain it all by itself.
 I wondered how we'd have arranged ourselves if the entire family had been
 present.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The conversation split into numerous simultaneous threads, as statements
 prompted more than one possible response.
 We could all hear each other, easily filtering each voice from the others,
 and keep track of where everyone was looking by virtue of unblurry peripheral
 vision, so this wasn't as difficult as it would have been for humans.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie was mildly curious about vegetarianism, and wanted to know if we'd
 tasted human blood.
 She seemed equally entranced by Rosalie and I, who had not, and our husbands,
 who had, and interspersed her incredulous questions with remarks to herself
 about how it was “all really true, 
\emph on
huh!
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Meanwhile, Rosalie had convinced Liam to break his stony silence by talking
 about cars, which he liked, and Emmett was trying to persuade Siobhan that
 they should spar.
 (Apparently Edward and Alice “cheated
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, fighting Jasper got old after a while, and the others weren't usually
 in the mood.) I was rather interested in acquiring at least a cursory understand
ing of how to fight, but I could propose this to Emmett (or Edward or Jasper)
 any time; he probably didn't often have the opportunity to match up with
 Siobhan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually she relented, silencing Liam's protest with a look, and they
 got some distance and sprang at each other.
 I watched out of the corner of my eye, still keeping up with Maggie's questions
 about whether I wasn't 
\emph on
just a little curious
\emph default
 about how humans tasted, etcetera.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aren't you curious how animals taste?” I asked, finally, as Siobhan knocked
 Emmett to the ground and he leapt to his feet to attack again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not really,” said Maggie, wrinkling her nose.
 “They smell terrible.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't say eating humans sounds like something I'd enjoy, either,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But they taste great!” Maggie enthused.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So I'm told,” I said.
 “But you can't be 
\emph on
constantly
\emph default
 in the process of swallowing their blood.
 You've only got so much room.
 Inevitably, you spend more time not eating than you spend eating, and you
 would still have to do that even if they marched by you in a convenient
 line and you didn't have to hunt them or conceal evidence.
 According to the experts,” I tilted my head towards Edward, “eating human
 blood makes it harder to 
\emph on
not be eating
\emph default
 at any given time between meals.
 So I'm making the non-eating parts of my life more comfortable by forgoing
 some extra yumminess when I eat.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie blinked at me, and Liam actually let out one low 
\emph on
ha
\emph default
 of a laugh.
 “That's something,” he put in.
 “Carlisle's all about 
\emph on
compassion
\emph default
 and 
\emph on
respect for human life
\emph default
, and you have an actual reason.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm a big fan of compassion and respect for human life 
\emph on
too
\emph default
,” I said, “but if those things mattered to you, you'd already be vegetarians.
 It's not like you've been living in ignorance of the fact that we can live
 off animals and were only waiting for this information before swearing
 off a human diet; you've known Carlisle for a while.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But 
\emph on
how
\emph default
 do you resist?” exclaimed Maggie.
 “Perhaps that's a reason to do it, but 
\emph on
how?
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't you ever go someplace where you can't eat the nearest human 
\emph on
right then?
\emph default
 Walk into some town where there's 50 of them in one place, and you'd have
 to either kill them all, which would be conspicuous, or kill only some
 of them, which would also be conspicuous?” Of course they had; Maggie nodded.
 “So you can clearly refrain from eating humans,” I said.
 “You don't need me to tell you how.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie looked vaguely puzzled, but then asked about how animals tasted,
 which was promising; Emmett even shouted a remark about the superior flavor
 of ursine creatures in between being used to knock a tree over and successfully
 depriving Siobhan of one of her feet.
 Liam clenched his teeth very tightly at that, but Siobhan (while evidently
 in considerable discomfort) just picked her foot up off the ground without
 even yelling and attached it to her ankle again.
 After about a second, during which Emmett graciously did not pounce, the
 injury knitted, and then she was in motion again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I like killer whales best,” I put in, when Liam had relaxed marginally.
 “Hunting in the water is fun -- the whales are designed to move in the
 ocean, and while I can do it, it's not what I'm best at.
 So there's an element of challenge that there isn't to hunting land creatures.
 Of those, though, I liked the wild boar I ate once.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Coyotes,” supplied Rosalie shortly, half-smirking.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's all kinds of variety,” said Edward dryly.
 “Mountain lions, here.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm really looking forward to being able to go about in public without
 contact lenses,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I just tell everybody I have weak veins in my eyes and they keep bursting,”
 said Maggie.
 “Or I say that the red is because of contacts anyway.
 Or I make up something in fake Latin like ‘iris crimsonus’ and act like
 I'm really sensitive about it if anyone gets curious.
 I ask them if they know what it means, and if they know it's not real Latin
 then I kill them.” She shrugged.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sunglasses,” said Liam shortly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've done sunglasses before,” I acknowledged.
 “Useful things, but anytime we'd be outside so anyone would notice, 
\emph on
sun
\emph default
glasses are a bit odd.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“More fake Latin,” advised Maggie.
 “You have a condition that makes your eyes really sensitive to light.
 I think that might actually be a real thing.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sort of liked her, in spite of the part where she killed people.
 I was beginning to see how my family could have acquired red-eyed friends.
 It didn't take the same personality, in a vampire, to kill people that
 it did in a human.
 A human who murdered was opposing culture and instinct, risking social
 censure and societal repercussions from every angle.
 A normal human had to be put in an unusual context like war, or subjected
 to enormous stress, before becoming willing to kill.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A normal 
\emph on
vampire
\emph default
, though, was fitted with a different set of natural impulses.
 Was normally lifted entirely out of their human context and could not safely
 continue human relationships (and would be most likely to form new relationship
s with vampires who already ate people).
 Did not face significant danger in the process of hunting, as long as they
 were careful.
 Had been 
\emph on
put
\emph default
 in the sort of context that might make a normal human turn dangerous, complete
 with a label that generally meant “killer” and the ability to live up to
 it with impunity.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was the luckiest vampire in the world.
 I'd walked in with my eyes open, kept hold of my original ties, and landed
 in the laps of a family that didn't eat people.
 Carlisle was the impressive one who'd managed it with no help, no precedent,
 no support, no ability to write home to his human relatives.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But at any rate, the personality types of killer vampires weren't the same
 as killer humans.
 Maggie was a perfectly likable person.
 And when someone saw through her fake Latin, she killed them, that was
 all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was very tempted to make the entire conversation about converting Maggie,
 to retrieve it from the tangent it began to drift off on about some 
\emph on
real
\emph default
 Latin that Edward helpfully produced from his medical school days.
 Maybe the next human Maggie met wouldn't die of excess education.
 I decided against it.
 It could just as easily make things worse, and she was already 
\emph on
curious
\emph default
, which was something.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually Emmett invited me to join the brawl without prompting, and I
 agreed.
 He knocked me around, but more gently than he had Siobhan.
 I tried not to rely too much on my excessive strength, which would be gone
 soon enough.
 Instead I learned which instincts were useful and which to suppress, a
 few things about distinguishing feints and genuine attacks and how to dodge,
 and fascinating tricks with leverage.
 Siobhan also took a turn, and her style was noticeably different from Emmett's
 -- he was playing, and she was doing something more like parkour.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was fun, and although periodically it hurt rather a lot, I had the sensation
 that I was learning very efficiently.
 Learning to fight by sparring wasn't linear, like reading a book and (however
 quickly) absorbing each word in sequence.
 The rapid immersion in combat let me engage almost all of my mind on the
 same task.
 Every sense had something to tell me about my partner and my environment;
 all of my muscles could be doing something useful; I needed to model my
 opponent's strategy and think of a move that he or she hadn't thought I'd
 make, often stacking up levels of obviousness quite deep and still sometimes
 being found predictable.
 It was wholly engaging.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All of this bothered Edward immensely, and after Siobhan clocked me across
 the ear hard enough that it stopped processing sound for a few seconds,
 he quietly asked me to stop.
 I went back to his side and he gathered me into a hug.
 Rosalie snorted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aw, but she's good at this,” protested Emmett.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Later,” said Edward tightly.
 “Not here.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Siobhan's got a different style...” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He gritted his teeth.
 “I know,” he said.
 “So does Jasper.
 You can practice at home if you like.” I wondered if Siobhan had thought
 something in particular, or if he just didn't trust her.
 Liam looked relieved that she appeared to be done, though, and she went
 back to stand by her coven with a shrug.
 Maggie looked briefly wistful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tilted my head at her, inviting her to explain this.
 “Oh,” she said.
 “Just, I wish 
\emph on
my
\emph default
 mate would hurry up and find me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you don't ever leave Ireland, are you very likely to run into him?”
 I inquired.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie considered this.
 “Her,” she corrected absently.
 No one, even my husband from 1901 with oh-so-traditional values, reacted
 to this.
 I decided to inquire about that later.
 “Well, I traveled more before I joined this coven,” she said at last.
 “And I didn't find her then either.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I couldn't resist.
 “Maybe you ate her.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan rolled her eyes, but Maggie looked genuinely horrified.
 “What? That couldn't happen.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course it could,” I said.
 “I was human when I met Edward.
 Not only that,” I added with relish, “I was his 
\emph on
singer
\emph default
.
 It's lucky that he had so much practice 
\emph on
not eating humans
\emph default
.
 Otherwise I would have been toast.
 Delicious, dead toast.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie looked scared.
 I wasn't sure if that was good or not, so I backed off a little.
 “You most likely haven't met her yet, though.” I hesitated for a beat, letting
 the redheaded vampire calm down, and added, “But that doesn't mean she's
 a vampire.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Nnng,” whined Maggie.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie chuckled darkly and threw in a barb of her own: “Emmett was human
 when I found him, too.” She paused.
 “And absolutely 
\emph on
covered
\emph default
 in fresh blood.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Esme was human when Carlisle met her,” put in Edward; I wasn't facing him,
 instead studying Maggie's face, but I heard a smile in his voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually Maggie announced, “Well, maybe I'll just eat men,” which was
 not really the solution I'd had in mind, but at least she'd found the possibili
ty compelling.
 Siobhan sighed but didn't have an interest in encouraging Maggie to be
 an equal-opportunity predator, and Liam had lapsed into silence again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The conversation turned to other things, and after about two days, we were
 done visiting.
 Siobhan graciously allowed that we might spend a while touring Ireland
 before going home.
 So we ran from place to place on the island for a bit, looking at the major
 attractions.
 “This part I can tell my parents,” I remarked.
 “Ireland is totally a normal part of a tour of Europe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you want, we can look at more of Europe before we go to South America,”
 offered Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let's go to Wales and England and Scotland on our way home,” I decided,
 “and then I want to hang out there for a while, just like a week, we've
 spent so little time actually 
\emph on
with
\emph default
 our family.
 Then South America.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Of course he had no problem with this, and so while Emmett and Rosalie swam
 directly back to Norway after they'd had their fill of Ireland, Edward
 and I swam east and he spent five days showing me around.
 He'd been there before, but most of his knowledge came from Carlisle, who'd
 been born in London.
 None of the specific locations that had been important to Carlisle's human
 life were still in their original form, but it was interesting to wander
 around the city with this information.
 I wondered if Chicago, Edward's birthplace, would feel similar if I went
 there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We were wandering the streets of Glasgow (me in contact lenses) when I decided
 to ask Edward why Maggie's correction hadn't elicited a reaction.
 “Given that you're from 1901, and have used this as an excuse to have outdated
 values before,” I said.
 I kept my voice high and fast; passing humans wouldn't notice anything
 but a couple looking into each other's eyes and walking together.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, first of all,” laughed Edward, “my outdated values, as you call them,
 apply to 
\emph on
me
\emph default
.
 It's not my business whether anyone else obeys them.
 You haven't heard me complaining about the conduct of the succubus triplets
 -- I suppose it's down to Tanya and Kate, now -- have you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's true,” I acknowledged.
 “And second of all?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Second of all, vampires in general don't have much choice but to be relaxed
 about that in particular,” he said.
 “There's simply nothing to argue about.
 Just like with Laurent's eating habits, the choices are permission or violence.
 There's no legal policy to argue.
 No social pressure or ethical argument that could ever practically compete
 with the mate bond.
 You might have noticed that vampires don't go in for organized religion
 or, even in opposite-sex couples, have children, so the traditional arguments
 are moot anyway.
 There's no reason for anyone to go to the trouble of trying to keep a vampire
 away from her mate, even if the mate's also a woman.
 It would be very troublesome and have no point.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I said.
 “But apart from the fact that you aren't going to fight Maggie to the death
 over it, do you have 1901-shaped feelings on the matter?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward shrugged.
 “Not really.
 It wasn't something I gave any thought to as a human.
 That was hardly the hot-button issue at the time.
 When I was turned, everyone was busy thinking about the Great War -- World
 War I -- and the flu pandemic.
 So I didn't enter the vampire world with preconceptions on the subject
 to set in stone.
 It's not my cup of tea, but then, you are the only cup of tea in the world
 for me.” He picked me up by the waist and spun around, then set me back
 down on the sidewalk; some watching humans 
\emph on
awwwed
\emph default
 at the display of affection.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided this was satisfactory.
 And then an unrelated question occurred to me: “Am I immune to Maggie's
 power?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That brought Edward up short.
 “I don't know.
 You didn't lie to her, as far as I know...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't,” I confirmed.
 “Unless sarcasm or speculation or just being mistaken counts...? How sensitive
 is she?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not very,” he said.
 “While it's possible for someone very good at controlling their thoughts
 or very immersed in their duplicity to lie to me, and she'd catch most
 such deception, I'm more effective overall than she is.
 She doesn't detect anything at all unless someone deliberately states something
 they want her to believe which they think is false.
 If they don't know she's listening, or they're confident they're right,
 or they think she'll notice that they're uncertain or making a joke instead
 of trying to share definite information, nothing happens.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So if I'm immune to her she wouldn't have noticed,” I said, nodding to
 myself.
 “I wish I'd thought to test it there.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you expect to need to lie to Maggie?” Edward asked, and then he shook
 his head.
 “You don't have to answer that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's okay,” I said.
 “I don't expect to need to lie to her, but it would be interesting if I
 found out that I could, or couldn't.
 I want to know more about how my power works, so I can make it get better.
 If I didn't start out immune to Maggie, learning how to develop that would
 be useful practice.
 I guess I'll just work on hedging out Jasper to start.
 Not because I expect to need to, just because I want to know how to improve.”
 I tilted my head curiously.
 “Have you gotten any better at reading minds since you turned?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not in the way you probably have in mind,” he said.
 “Since I can follow familiar voices at greater range, it did improve in
 the sense that I could hear Carlisle from one mile away to begin with and
 two later and almost five now, but I'm not any better at hearing new people
 I meet.
 And it's still just surface thoughts as it's always been.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Have you tried to work on that at all?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not really.
 I do have some qualms about invading people's privacy,” he said, smiling
 faintly.
 “In cases where need overwhelms those concerns, the level of discernment
 that I started with has been serviceable.
 I did try a little to hear something from you, but failed utterly, and
 you've made it clear that you don't want me to succeed -- so I stopped
 working on that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fair enough,” I replied.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
