#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{17}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Arno Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.3500000000000001
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Clearwater
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It wasn't far from La Push to the coastline.
 Leaving items like my cellphone that would be harmed by the saltwater onshore,
 I dove into the water and looked for lunch.
 I didn't find any killer whales, so I had a harbor seal instead.
 It wasn't nearly as good, but it filled me up.
 When I'd emerged from the water, I called Edward, told him that I expected
 to be away from Québec for at least a couple more days but that he shouldn't
 worry, and asked after Gianna.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

She's okay,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said heavily, “or at least -- well, 
\emph on
Gianna
\emph default
 is fine, but worried about her brother.
 The morphine didn't do what we thought.
 Not long after you took off, he started screaming.
 Carlisle broke his spine, but it's healed now.
 And he was able to say that the morphine didn't help -- that it interacted
 with the venom somehow, and paralyzed him instead of actually dulling the
 pain.
 You can imagine how horrified Gianna was, and Carlisle’s decided to start
 keeping barbiturates on hand at all times so that we can do it the way
 we did with you every time in the future, even on no notice.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sucked in a breath of sea air through my teeth.
 “
\emph on
Eeesh
\emph default
.
 Yeah, good plan.
 Ilario's nearly done now?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” said Edward.
 “Nearly.
 They'll keep me posted -- I asked them to call my phone instead of yours
 when possible and let them assume that your carrier has spotty reception
 here.
 At least, I think that's what they assumed -- I can't be sure from this
 far away.
 Gianna has been informed that you prefer, in spite of your control, not
 to be around humans when you don't need to and are out hunting most of
 the time, so she isn't going to let anything slip.
 Alice did try calling you once, and told me that your power is developing
 in an interesting and inconvenient way,” he relayed, with some mirth.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He hadn't asked for anything about where I was at, and I was grateful.
 It had begun to wear on me to be away from him for so long.
 He could probably hear the ocean through the phone, but he could have asked
 for more precision about my location -- or my project, or whether I was
 with anyone, or what I'd been using my shiny black credit card for lately
 -- and I wouldn't have been able to resist telling him.
 It 
\emph on
ached
\emph default
 that I couldn't safely share it all.
 A little itchy feeling that I must be being too paranoid, that 
\emph on
no
\emph default
 danger was so great that it should stop me from telling Edward everything,
 prickled in my mind.
 Only the notion that Edward's own safety could be on the line if Aro got
 hold of the wrong information let me hold my tongue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll be back as soon as I can,” I promised him, not addressing the substance
 of his statements.
 “I love you, you know.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I love you,” he murmured into the phone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You never say `too’,” I observed.
 “Why not?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I got into the habit when you were a human,” he said.
 “If I said `too’, it would make it sound like my love and yours were comparable
, when I was quite convinced that you couldn't love me as much as I loved
 you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's...
 very silly, but probably not inaccurate,” I said.
 “Humans don't have a lot of space in their heads.
 I love you more now than I did then.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I heard a smile in Edward's voice as he said, “Do you want me to start saying
 `too’ now, then?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, don't, it's cute this way.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Very well,” he laughed.
 “When you come back and when Ilario is ready to be in the same house as
 Gianna, what do you want to do next?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'd like to meet the Denalis soon,” I said.
 “They didn't come to our wedding, and they're extended family, aren't they?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We do tend to consider them so,” Edward acknowledged.
 “I'm sure they'd be happy to have us visit.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Great.
 But don't schedule anything yet.
 I don't have a firm timetable.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course, Bella.” I felt so 
\emph on
accommodated
\emph default
.
 I'd told Aro that my coven didn't revolve around me, but in some sense,
 since I'd entered their sphere of attention, it 
\emph on
had
\emph default
.
 Bella asked to see vampires doing tricks; Bella wants us to perform egg
 extraction surgery on her; Bella has been targeted by an unstoppable tracker;
 Bella needs to be picked up in Italy; Bella has rendered it necessary that
 we move to Norway; Bella's turning; Bella's a newborn; Bella's a special
 snowflake; Bella needs a test human; Bella's getting married; Bella needs
 a private South Atlantic island on which to honeymoon; Bella wants to rescue
 a human she met once; Bella wants to throw in the human’s brother; and
 now Bella's gallivanting around without telling anybody what she's up to...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hoped someone in my family would want me to do them a favor soon.
 Ideally when I wasn't up to my neck in werewolf stuff, and able to help.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And then we can go looking in South America for half-vampires,” I told
 Edward -- he, at least, I could do 
\emph on
something
\emph default
 for.
 He'd seemed to like the idea of having children that were really 
\emph on
ours
\emph default
 -- and I did too, if only we could expect Gianna to survive.
 It was worth a while prowling about the Amazon Basin or wherever hints
 led us.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Whatever you like, love,” Edward murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had nothing else I needed to do until regular business hours would let
 me reserve airline tickets for inactive Quileutes by phone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I kept Edward on the phone for a long time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had failed to arrange a rendezvous point at which Rachel would be able
 to find me, so I stayed put on the beach, hoping she could follow my scent.
 Failing that, she'd be able to dig up my phone number, as I'd called her
 to invite her to lunch.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
No phone call proved necessary.
 Rachel, flanked by six of her pack in a V with three per side, found me.
 They walked together in a coordinated, wary-but-confident motion; Rachel,
 Seth, and the girl I recognized as Marilyn wore smiles but the others were
 serious and stone-faced.
 “Hey, Bella,” said Rachel.
 “Me and these six are the best bet at convincing the people on the list
 I gave you to show up on the rez anytime soon.
 Oh, and if you want to throw money at a problem, it'd be kind of handy
 if you could order us thirty assorted pizzas and have them delivered to
 Dad's -- Jake and Embry have enough of a handle on themselves to ferry
 'em out to the ravine.
 Everybody's starving.” Seth's stomach growled, backing up her statement.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sure.
 I'll take somebody grocery shopping later for a longer-term solution to
 sudden werewolf appetite, too, if you want,” I said agreeably.
 “How are we doing the plane tickets thing?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We've got four cellphones between us -- Seth, Brady, and Lynnie don't have
 their own -- so we're going to call our respective people and let you know
 from what airport and at what time to buy tickets for as people get convinced,”
 she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sounds good.” The mini-pack dispersed somewhat, so they wouldn't talk over
 each other; I could hear the voices on the other ends as werewolves stumbled
 through requests for visits and haphazard prevarications about winning
 tickets in imaginary contests.
 I ordered pizza.
 It was a little tricky to convince the fellow who answered the phone that
 yes, I said thirty, yes, I 
\emph on
meant
\emph default
 thirty, yes, the number that was represented by a three followed by a zero.
 Seth was waiting for someone to loan him a phone, and listened to me try
 to put in my bulk order with an amused expression.
 Eventually I got the pizza guy to accept my credit card number and agree
 to bring thirty pizzas to Billy's house, although he said there would be
 a wait.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How come you have so much money?” Seth asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I married into a family of vampires with good investment strategies such
 as `be hundreds of years old’ or `have precognition’,” I told him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is it nice being a vampire?” he asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I love it,” I said.
 “Turning into one's not fun, though.
 You guys have it much easier.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thanks for helping,” he said earnestly.
 “Those Volturkeys sound pretty bad.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't like ’em much,” I agreed.
 “They were useful to me one time, and some law over vampires is better
 than none, but I think we can do better.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're a nice vampire,” Seth informed me, as though he genuinely thought
 I might need to be reassured on this point.
 Perhaps he'd been exposed to too much popular culture in which immortality
 was something to be angsted about.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you, Seth,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're welcome!” he said, and then Rachel was finished convincing Becky
 to fly up and handed him her phone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So I'm guessing she'll fly out of Honolulu?” I asked Rachel.
 “I wasn't paying close attention to the conversation.
 What's her married name? When should I book her flight for?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Her and her husband are both coming,” Rachel said.
 “Rebecca and Caleb Euta.
 I told her I won a small lottery and I can cover her lost wages if she
 takes a few days off -- we might actually have to promise that kind of
 thing to a few people, I hope it's okay.
 And book it for three p.m.
 our time, today, or as soon after as you can.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't even have to 
\emph on
warn
\emph default
 Alice unless I want a million bucks very suddenly,” I reassured Rachel.
 “I can cover lost wages.
 I can put people up in hotels.
 I can buy you all thirty pizzas every day.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay, good,” she said.
 “Pizza's on its way?” I nodded.
 “Also good.
 I could eat a horse.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sure if one were around, you could take it down, and probably digest
 it just fine in wolf form too,” I pointed out.
 “Although you'd be more likely to find deer or something than horse.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Point.
 Still, one life-changing thing at a time.
 I don't want to learn to turn into a wolf and then start eating raw meat
 less than twenty-four hours later.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fair enough.
 I'll book Becky's flight.” I called a few airlines, eventually finding one
 that would give Becky and Caleb both seats on an upcoming flight on short
 notice.
 Oddly, I didn't have to throw a surcharge in -- I supposed if they had
 empty seats so soon before takeoff, they'd go to considerable lengths to
 fly with those seats full for cheap instead of empty for nothing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By the time I was finished with that, two more werewolves had finished and
 needed me to buy flights from Florida and Ohio.
 I did that, noting between calls that Marilyn was having difficulty convincing
 her person -- apparently an elder cousin -- to agree to suddenly visit.
 I finished the third airline booking and caught the girl's eye.
 “Can I help?” I mouthed to her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hang on,” she told her cousin, and she put her hand over the phone.
 “His girlfriend's in trouble with Immigration and he won't leave town.
 I don't think you can fix that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, don't know till I try,” I said.
 “Where are they located?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Albuquerque,” she said.
 I quizzed her for more details, mentally scanning the list of contacts
 licit and illicit that Edward had given me.
 There weren't any local to New Mexico -- too sunny; we'd never live there
 if we could help it and wanted to go out during the day.
 I could probably have managed to get the authorities to leave the girl
 alone if I'd tried federal law enforcement, but thought it would be potentially
 conspicuous, depending on how watchful the Volturi were.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I guess I can make a separate trip to visit him,” I said.
 “But then he'd be activating all by himself...
 do you know if your telepathy has a range limit?” Marilyn shook her head,
 solemn.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I growled to myself, which caused Marilyn to phase.
 She whined, annoyed; Rachel had brought a few changes of clothes along,
 and when she noticed the strawberry-blond-furred wolf she waved her behind
 a rock and left the clothes there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I picked up Marilyn's phone and handed it to Rachel.
 “Sorry,” she said to the absent Quileute, “Marilyn had to run all of a
 sudden -- she may call you back later.” She flipped the phone closed and
 put it in her pocket.
 “Don't growl,” she told me.
 “Even I jumped a bit when I heard it.
 We're all 
\emph on
managing
\emph default
 to override the whole `you smell like cyanide and evil, minty flowers’
 thing, but make it easy on us, please.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sorry.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel waved a hand, not particularly upset, and moved on.
 “If we can't get this one guy to show up, we can't get this one guy to
 show up.
 You can get him in the next wave when more people have gotten old enough.
 Although if you wanted to stick around until his girlfriend's situation
 is resolved...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We have no idea how long that will take.
 Maybe I should leave you a bottle of venom or something.
 If anything besides a real live vampire will trigger a transition, that
 should be it.
 But be careful with it.
 If it gets into a regular human’s bloodstream it causes turning -- I have
 no idea what it'd do to one of you.
 And it needs a glass container.
 It'll eat through most anything else.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What do we do with it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Smelling it might do the trick all by itself, though probably slowly --
 it's at least ninety percent of why you think I stink, I bet.
 Failing that, a drop of it on 
\emph on
unbroken
\emph default
 skin might be safe -- but I'd want to try it on somebody's little toenail,
 first, so it can be chopped off smart quick if it turns out I'm wrong.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay.
 I'll send someone to bring you a glass bottle.
 We'll be careful,” she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Marilyn's cousin was the only person who absolutely couldn't be persuaded
 to visit La Push.
 I bought the rest of the plane tickets, and then simply handed Rachel all
 the cash I had in my wallet so she didn't need to run smaller purchases
 by me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The pack devoured their thirty pizzas, and I was sent on a grocery run (alone,
 lest a werewolf companion phase in the middle of the store) to buy simple
 food in large quantities that could be stored unproblematically in the
 ravine and didn't need to be cooked.
 I went a ways afield for the trip, to reduce the risk of being recognized,
 and bought the store out of chips, candy, jerky, bottled juices and energy
 drinks, Hostess snackfoods, and similar packaged crap, as well as some
 fruit and bread.
 “Throwing a big party,” I told the clerk, when he looked at me in bewilderment.
 I still had the horse trailer attached to my car, which made it a lot easier
 to fit everything.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I drove cautiously into La Push, but no one seemed to be around, so I risked
 unhitching the trailer and dragging it out into the woods by hand rather
 than trying to drive through the trees.
 Jacob and his friend Embry were waiting at my rock to be food ferries once
 again, and although they didn't phase as I passed them sacks of munchies,
 they didn't seem to love being around me, either.
 I didn't risk aggravating them by trying to strike up a conversation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hung out at my rock, waiting.
 Rachel brought me a rinsed lemonade bottle and I started collecting venom.
 I was able to exercise some control over the amount I generated -- just
 concentrating on the right scent memories did it.
 It didn't take long to have it half-full.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Later, Rachel swung by again.
 “Jacob thinks, and on reflection I agree, that Dad wouldn't want to be
 the first older person to try activating.
 Leah and Seth volunteered to ask their father and they're talking to him
 now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I want to see how it works, so I'll hang out if you don't mind.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I spat more venom between my teeth into the lemonade bottle.
 “I don't if you don't.
 Cyanide and evil minty flowers, though.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah.
 It seems to bother some of us more than others.
 Seth barely minds at all -- and his sister's on the other end of the spectrum.
 I'm about middling, seems like.
 What do we smell like to you?” She sat a few feet away from where I was
 standing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Like wolves,” I said.
 “But not in an earthy pleasant way.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Have you, y’know, 
\emph on
eaten
\emph default
 a wolf -- a regular one?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah, but I didn't care for the flavor.
 Wild boars are better.
 And killer whales are best.
 But tastes vary.
 My husband prefers mountain lions.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This is all pretty wild,” remarked Rachel, crossing and recrossing her
 legs until she found a comfortable position on the forest floor.
 “I don't think I'd be too surprised right now if I woke up in the hospital
 in Spokane and found that I'd hurt my head and been having really screwed-up
 dreams.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I thought you were having fun with it now that you've got wolfy company?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't get me wrong, there's good bits, and I don't want to get picked off
 in my sleep by an evil Italian vampire who wants to make sure my family
 stops existing, so I'm glad you showed up -- but it's so 
\emph on
crazy
\emph default
.
 I'm Alpha in a pack of twenty-seven -- and I can 
\emph on
magically back that up
\emph default
 if I want, I just found that out really early this morning.
 Paul and Sam got into a fight while they and I were all wolves and I thought
 at them to stop and 
\emph on
they stopped just like that
\emph default
 -- I have some kind of super commanding mojo going on, I could hear the
 order echoing funny in all our heads.
 They were halfway 
\emph on
bowing
\emph default
 to me before I told them to cut 
\emph on
that
\emph default
 out.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Uh, wow,” I said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

With great power, comes great responsibility?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel snorted.
 “Yeah.
 I am going to have to be super careful about using that.
 I don't know yet if it works out of wolf form.
 But even if it doesn't -- 
\emph on
holy crow
\emph default
, Bella, 
\emph on
I personally have mind-control powers over a small army of almost thirty
 telepathic werewolves
\emph default
.
 I'm reeling just a 
\emph on
tiny bit
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your power's more interesting than mine,” I volunteered.
 “I don't even get to decide whether to use it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huh?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, some humans -- regular ones -- have a little bit of magic,” I said,
 pinching the air to indicate the quantity.
 “Different powers that do random things.
 Those are called witches.
 I was one.
 Turning is supposed to intensify everything, especially witchiness, but
 so far my power's the same as it always was.
 I'm immune to some other witch powers -- my husband's, and the mindreader
 Volturi’s, and some of their guard.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Freaky.
 Is that the deal with your psychic sister?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah, she's a witch too, and so’s her husband -- he's like an empath.
 My parents-in-law and my other brother and sister are just your boring,
 everyday, bog-standard vegetarian vampires.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, dunno if you noticed, but you have a weird family,” remarked Rachel.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yep,” I laughed.
 “Oh, I hear Leah and Seth bringing their dad.” I listened.
 “Um...
 It sounds like they're fighting.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel sat bolt upright.
 “Fighting? They're having a fight with Mr.
 Clearwater?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Leah is; sounds like
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Before I could finish the sentence, Rachel had sprung to her feet and
 phased midstride to plunge into the woods towards the arguing father and
 daughter.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't follow.
 I had an idea of what worried her -- she thought Mr.
 Clearwater would anger Leah to the point where she'd phase and possibly
 injure him, and wanted to be on the scene to avoid that.
 My presence wouldn't make it any easier to keep Leah in her skin, and if
 she did hurt her father, I still didn't know how I'd do around fresh human
 blood.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And so I listened.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel was taking long, swift strides.
 Mr.
 Clearwater's voice was saying, “Young lady, now you listen to me, if you
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Leah interrupted him: “No, you listen to me! I can go wherever I want! I
 don't need your permission to breathe!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your brother is only thirteen years old! You can't just take him out camping
 overnight without telling me where you're going to be! Do you have any
 idea how frantic I was this morning? Your mother thought I'd have a heart
 attack, she was worried sick herself
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Seth is fine! Look, he's in one piece!” The in-one-piece boy was making
 quiet, non-word protestations, trying to calm his family.
 “You used to trust me with him -- you just don't like that Sam was with
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And there's another thing! You're too young to be engaged
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And there was a soft, cottony 
\emph on
floof
\emph default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And a furious snarl
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And screaming.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Mr.
 Clearwater was howling with pain.
 I heard Seth phasing, and then I could barely decipher the sounds -- three
 voices barking, one or two wolves tackling a third, snapping jaws and high
 yelps.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The man's shouts were rapidly weakening.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I picked up my lemonade bottle, took and held a deep breath, and ran.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It took me only a couple of seconds to reach them.
 When I got there, Rachel had Leah pinned; Leah was a smaller, medium-grey
 wolf, cringing under presumable mental chastisement by her Alpha.
 Seth was in his own sandy-furred wolf form not far from them, lifting and
 dropping his forepaws at irregular intervals as though he wanted to run
 somewhere but couldn't quite understand where.
 And a bit beyond him was his father.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Mr.
 Clearwater was an absolute mess.
 I realized as I looked at him that when Rachel had swiped at me, that had
 been 
\emph on
restrained
\emph default
: I was tougher than a human, sure, but this heap of barely-breathing meat
 had not received one swat to the face, he'd been 
\emph on
savaged
\emph default
.
 Blood flowed in rivulets away from his body.
 I very, very carefully did not inhale.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
His heart was still feebly, irregularly beating.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The hospital's twenty minutes away if you floor it,” I said.
 “He won't make it that far.” And then, conserving air, I held up the bottle
 of venom.
 “Only chance.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Seth whined.
 Leah craned her neck from her prone position to see what I was holding,
 and yelped, but I couldn't discern the meaning.
 Rachel stared me down; I met her gaze, holding quite still.
 “He'll die,” I said softly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Mr.
 Clearwater made a gurgling sound and Seth wailed, pawing at the ground.
 Rachel got off of Leah, who rolled onto her front but didn't stand, instead
 bowing her head towards the white wolf.
 There was a pause that lasted entirely too long.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I considered, but rejected, the plan of saying that if I started turning
 him and they changed their minds, they could always kill him later.
 Instead, I used the last of my air to say, “I think I can save him.
 But it's up to you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel hesitated for another half-second.
 Mr.
 Clearwater's heart faltered, and I grimaced.
 Finally, her big white head dipped and rose: a nod.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was at the man's side instantly, found a big puncture wound next to his
 heart, and poured the venom in.
 His heart thudded as though electrocuted, and one of his arms -- apparently
 the only limb that he could still move -- jerked wildly.
 A high keen of pain shrieked out of his mouth.
 I would have broken his spine, but didn't know if he could take much more
 punishment before even venom wouldn't save him -- I didn't know what to
 break well enough to aim precisely.
 At any rate, it looked like some of his nerves were cut off anyway.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had no breath left.
 I swept away a swath of forest debris and scratched in the dirt, instead:
 
\emph on
I'm out of air.
 I can't risk smelling his blood.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel read the message; I assumed the others could see in her thoughts
 what I'd written.
 I cleared the words with a pass of my hand and wrote, 
\emph on
It is not safe for a newborn vampire to be near humans.
 I need to take him to my family's friends in Alaska.

\emph default
 Rachel read it, nodded, and I replaced the writing several more times.
 
\emph on
It will take him three days to turn and then he'll be a vampire.
 Did he already know about us, like your dad?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel picked up a paw and wavered it in a so-so motion -- so he'd probably
 learned all the stories but not believed them.
 
\emph on
Vampires who didn't expect to turn, or at least know it was possible, are
 not as self-controlled.
 I'm very unusual.
 He will probably not be able to safely come near humans for at least a
 year.
 Our friends have phone service and Internet access and you can keep in
 touch that way.
 I will need to tie him up and wrap him in a blanket so no one sees him
 through my windows, because he will try to thrash around and he looks awful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Leah whined miserably at that, and Rachel shot her a look; the gray wolf
 hunkered even lower to the ground, ears flat against her head in submission
 or guilt or both.
 Seth looked anxious.
 
\emph on
It's terrible, but when it's over, it's over -- he'll be fine
\emph default
, I promised in writing.
 
\emph on
I need rope or something like it, and a path no one's looking at to my car
 so I can bring him to it.

\emph default
 I spat a mouthful of venom into the emptied bottle and set it on the ground.
 
\emph on
I'll leave you this so you can activate Becky and the other out-of-towners
 without me here.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel nodded.
 I didn't see anyone running to get me what I'd asked for, but she'd probably
 sent a mental order to another wolf or two.
 I wrote, 
\emph on
It's up to you what you tell his wife, but he will probably want to contact
 her, which will be less of a shock to her if she knows.
 Text me, don't call, if you have to communicate something in the next three
 days.
 I won't want to breathe with him in the car.
 If your phone can't do it buy one that can; I'll send you more money as
 you need it.

\emph default
 Rachel nodded again.
 
\emph on
Is there anything else I need to be here for before I get him out of here?
\emph default
 She shook her head.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I carefully lifted Mr.
 Clearwater off the ground, clamping one hand over his mouth to stop his
 moans of pain from carrying to anyone not in the know, and ran for my car.
 I saw only werewolves on my way: Embry and Jacob on lookout and Marilyn
 waiting by the passenger door with a convenient hank of rope and a fleecy
 comforter.
 I took them from her without speaking, tied Mr.
 Clearwater's wrists and ankles together behind his back, rolled him up
 in the blanket, and put him in the backseat; he bled a little on the fleece,
 but I could already see his wounds getting shallower as the venom percolated
 through his system.
 I slammed the door and got into the driver's seat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had no idea where in Alaska one would find Denali, nor where in Denali
 the coven lived.
 I texted Edward for directions (telling him to direct me there from Seattle)
 as I hurtled southeast to route around Puget Sound.
 He replied in installments, and asked if I wanted him to warn the Denali
 family that I was en route; I said that I'd appreciate it and told him
 to also warn them that I was bringing another newborn.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward said he'd let the necessary border crossing agents know that I wasn't
 to be troubled, through suitably convincing channels.
 I hadn't even thought of the difficulty of getting a mid-turning Mr.
 Clearwater into Canada and then from Canada into Alaska and experienced
 a surge of gratitude for my husband's support.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He also asked if I wanted him to meet me there.
 
\emph on
Gianna can't go
\emph default
, I wrote back.
 
\emph on
David would try to eat her.
 You shouldn't leave her unattended.

\emph default
 He replied with his acquiescence and asked if there was anything else I
 needed, which there was not.
 
\emph on
I love you
\emph default
, I concluded my last message.
 He wrote back in kind, and then my phone went into my pocket.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had to stop for gas after only forty miles.
 Luckily, the gas station was under heavy clouds and almost deserted.
 I closed the door behind me as quickly as I could after getting out, and
 took a few breaths of fume-scented air.
 Only the barest whiff of blood, from dried drops clinging to my sleeves
 where I'd picked Mr.
 Clearwater up, heated the air: it was tolerable.
 I filled up the tank and hoped the other patron of the station thought
 I was splattered with paint.
 It was fortunate that my shirt was dark brown: it looked damp, but not
 necessarily bloodstained.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I got back in the car and used my lungful of air to talk to Mr.
 Clearwater.
 “I'm Bella, Charlie Swan's daughter,” I told him.
 “I'm a vampire.
 You're turning into one.
 Your children are werewolves.
 Leah lost her temper and hurt you.
 This was the only way to save you.
 I can't talk much because if I smell your blood I may also hurt you.” Mr.
 Clearwater made a confused wailing noise, but I had no more words.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A few hours later, I decided to try opening my window, sticking my head
 out, and getting a breath of bloodless air that way.
 It worked.
 With clean air in my lungs, I said, “Mr.
 Clearwater, I'm taking you to Alaska.
 Some vampires my family is friends with live there and they will take care
 of you.
 Being a new vampire is hard, especially if you aren't prepared for it,
 and you will need help.” I stuck my head out the window again, and kept
 talking.
 I gave him the rundown of vampire ins and outs, and got him up to speed
 on the status of the werewolf pack.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My car was waved through the border when they read the license plate and
 I continued through British Columbia.
 I continued talking to Mr.
 Clearwater with outside air, trying to keep his mind off the pain as much
 as possible.
 “Please don't tell my friends that you are from a tribe of werewolves,”
 I told him.
 “It's safest if they don't know.” I explained Aro, then repeated myself
 in case he hadn't been able to follow the entire justification for secrecy
 through the burning.
 “Tell them that you're from Forks, that I know you through Charlie, that
 I ran into you in Seattle while you were there bringing your thirteen-year-old
 to the Space Needle -- don't give them Seth's name unless you can't avoid
 it -- and I tagged along, that you were hit by a car, and that I turned
 you to save you from your injuries.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It took only two days to get as far as Fairbanks, and Mr.
 Clearwater wasn't done turning.
 I didn't want David to kill him, so instead of continuing directly to the
 coven's home, I parked on the edge of the Denali National Park to wait.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nobody was liable to interrupt us, so I unwrapped his blanket and untied
 his ropes.
 His eyes were scrunched shut.
 His clothes were still torn and covered in blood, but his wounds were all
 smoothed over, not even pinkish.
 The color was mostly drained from his skin -- melanin dissolving, blood
 converting to vampire fuel.
 He was slightly ecru, that was all.
 I pulled up a misty memory of the olive-like hue to Laurent's skin, and
 wondered if the off-white tinge was because Mr.
 Clearwater was not finished turning or because he was Native American.
 I looked completely bleached, but I'd started out pale and Caucasian.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By my estimation, Mr.
 Clearwater was in his late forties or early fifties, but the transformation
 was rearranging his features and smoothing out his complexion: it took
 at least a decade off his apparent age, an effect that I hadn't noticed
 so much with vampires who'd been turned young or at unknown ages.
 I could actually see him becoming more symmetrical.
 A time-lapse movie of his face would have shown his nose tilting out of
 its crookedness, his left eye drifting south to match the right, puckers
 and lines in his skin fading into flush smoothness with the surrounding
 skin.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It occurred to me that I didn't remember his first name.
 He was one of Charlie's friends, and I had to have heard it before, but
 I'd always referred to him as “Mr.
 Clearwater” in writing and couldn't conjure up a human memory of learning
 his full name.
 Presumably that wouldn't be something he'd forget, though, and he could
 tell me when he finished turning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was surprisingly quiet.
 I'd screamed more than he had even with my abbreviated consciousness.
 He didn't talk, either.
 Just occasionally whimpered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could still hear his heart beating, so he wasn't dead and didn't have
 to die.
 I waited, not breathing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As dawn broke on the last day of Mr.
 Clearwater's turning, I got a series of texts from Rachel: all of the far-flung
 werewolves except Marilyn's cousin had arrived, and droplets of venom on
 unbroken skin “hurt a little but didn't injure them and now they're all
 floofed”.
 She reported that Becky was black, “like Sam -- so far I'm the only white
 one, although Nina's kind of pale yellow”.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The twins didn't seem to share the Alpha power.
 It remained with Rachel.
 They were considering trying to somehow deliberately split the pack in
 two so as to make it more manageable.
 Becky's husband Caleb had been brought into the loop with considerable
 astonishment, but since I was willing to cover lost wages, his main protests
 about staying at La Push for a time involved the inferior surfing opportunities
, which no one, even Becky, took very seriously.
 (I did have to confirm that it was fine with me if I had to go on covering
 his surfing instruction money for a bit longer than expected in case he
 lost clients.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sue Clearwater, Leah and Seth's mother, had been told about her husband's
 situation and was reacting as though he'd died -- that didn't bode well
 for a later happy reunion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It occurred to me to wonder whether there was any reason that Mr.
 Clearwater would, as a vampire, find that his wife was also his supernatural
 mate.
 There didn't seem to be any strong reason why he 
\emph on
would
\emph default
.
 It was only charitable to assume that they loved each other, but it would
 be in an entirely human way -- and I knew human things dissolved quickly
 when the mind was barraged by even a few seconds of ultra-clear vampire
 sensation.
 I knew human love could evaporate under lesser pressures than that, and
 could occur more than once in a lifetime.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Neither of the elder Clearwaters had, so far as I knew, the unusual beauty
 or witchcraft that seemed to correlate with being turned under the traditional
 way of things.
 That meant that if my hypothesis about what created vampire mating bonds
 was in the right ballpark, it would be extremely unlikely for Mr.
 Clearwater to be drawn to Mrs.
 Clearwater the way Edward had been drawn to me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was half tempted to say to myself, “But if Sue really loves him, she'll
 just be glad he's alive!” But according to Rachel, she was acting like
 he 
\emph on
wasn't
\emph default
, as though a heartbeat or being above room temperature were somehow more
 important than the ability to move around and think and talk.
 And anyway, even if she'd been willing to consider her vampire husband
 a living creature, it was all too common that real love wasn't as selfless
 as the fictional kind.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Even Edward, the sincerity of whose affection I had no cause whatever to
 doubt, had been driven to what was, on reflection, fairly rash behavior
 in order to be around my human self.
 Had Alice simply saved me from Tyler's errant van and then evaporated from
 my life with her family, then I, untouched by magically enhanced emotion,
 could have finished high school, gone to college, married some arbitrary
 human when I was at an age more pleasing to my parents -- perhaps without
 even remembering that Edward existed.
 I might have been happy, in the way that humans could be happy.
 But Edward had wanted to be 
\emph on
with
\emph default
 me, could not but panic at the notion that I might do without him.
 And so he'd braved my singer's blood, swallowing flames with every breath
 for the privilege of talking to me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tried to think about the situation in reverse, and my imagination failed
 me.
 I couldn't imagine Edward as a human, wayward and fickle.
 Couldn't imagine him willing and able to forget about me.
 In the entire time I'd known him, it was so core to his personality that
 I was his top priority.
 I didn't know how to construct a mental image of him with some other motive
 driving him.
 He'd been human, once, had spent many years managing reasonably well without
 my having even been 
\emph on
born
\emph default
.
 But I failed to picture it.
 And he framed it, when he spoke of those times, as if his life prior to
 meeting me had just been a drawn-out and unusually elaborate waiting period.
 Like I was his reason to exist in the first place, and I'd just taken my
 sweet time getting there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Somewhere in the world, I expected with sadness, was Mr.
 Clearwater's reason to exist
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And she probably wasn't Sue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could only hope that he'd still love his children the way he should.
 I had better hopes for this -- I hadn't stopped caring about my parents,
 after all.
 They weren't as strongly featured in my thoughts anymore, but I didn't
 think that their reduced centrality in my life needed further explanation
 beyond my international change of residence, assorted globetrotting, and
 new marriage.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But it would be clear soon enough what changes beyond the obvious I had
 wrought.
 The sun crept higher in the sky.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Mr.
 Clearwater's heart was beating faster.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I opened all of the windows in the car: his blood had long since dried,
 and wasn't even as interesting as a live unbleeding human, but it was still
 better to get fresh air into the enclosed space where he was about to wake
 up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I reviewed what Jasper had said on the subject of handling newborns.
 Don't let them get their arms around you, don't go for the obvious strikes
 because that's all they expect, let their own momentum wrench off an arm
 and they'll be distracted enough by pain that you can pin them
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was a newborn too, and would therefore have some advantage over most wranglers
 thereof, but having some strategy was rarely amiss.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Mr.
 Clearwater curled up in the fetal position, moving slowly to clutch at
 his heart, but only a quiet moan betrayed the enfolding pain in sound.
 Why wasn't he screaming? Was it because he was old, did he just have a
 stoic personality, was there some interaction with the werewolf gene
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
His eyes flew open, blazing red, and his body unfolded and propelled itself
 through, not an open window, but through the door itself.
 He left a ragged hole.
 The door didn't cling to him, but it was pulled from its frame and clattered
 to the ground; Mr.
 Clearwater ran headlong into the woods.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was, of course, vampire-fast, but he wasn't making good use of his strength
 to get the most distance out of each stride.
 I caught up to him and kept pace rather than trying to tackle him and risk
 provoking him into fighting me.
 “Mr.
 Clearwater!” I yelled.
 “Hey!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked around, grimacing, and then faced forward again and kept running.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mr.
 Clearwater, please stop,” I said.
 “I can help you.” He didn't slow down.
 “There might be humans in the park, if you run into one you could hurt
 them,” I pleaded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He scrambled up a tree, and I followed.
 “You can't outrun me,” I said.
 “If you don't hold still
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” He flung himself thirty feet to the next branch and I kept chasing him.
 “
\emph on
Mr.
 Clearwater!
\emph default
 Stop!” Was this normal newborn behavior? Had something gone wrong? A drop
 of lemonade in the venom, a reaction to the werewolf gene...?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I heard non-animal-like rustling, I didn't have time to indulge his
 flight any further.
 That could be a hiker he might run across and kill.
 I propelled myself directly at him, knocking him out of the air between
 trees and to the ground.
 I used a branch to swing away immediately after impact, not wanting to
 trigger any instinct he might have to grab me and squeeze.
 I dropped to the ground beside him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mr.
 Clearwater,” I began one more time, and then he was off again.
 I had no patience left: I sprang at him, pushing off from the ground with
 all the power I had, and tackled him.
 I managed to get 
\emph on
my
\emph default
 arms around 
\emph on
him
\emph default
, and although I had no intention of crushing him to powder, I could hold
 on more than tightly enough to hold him still.
 I managed to sort of fold him up, his knees to his chin, so I could prevent
 him from kicking me or trying to push me over.
 He wasn't going anywhere.
 “Mr.
 Clearwater,” I repeated.
 “Please say something so I know I didn't find a way to turn you while somehow
 
\emph on
leaving your brain behind
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He stared up at me out of confused vermilion eyes.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Bella?” he managed.
 His voice was a smoother, lower version of the one I'd heard chastising
 Leah.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's me.
 How do you feel? Are you okay?” I asked encouragingly, slightly relaxing
 my hold as he'd shown a sign of sanity -- and then he twisted suddenly,
 springing his shoulders away from his legs like a backwards bear trap and
 catapulting himself away.
 He took off at a run again, in the direction of the rustling.
 I couldn't 
\emph on
smell
\emph default
 a human, but we were upwind of the area -- I chased him, trying to circle
 around and drive him the opposite way.
 “
\noun on
Hey
\noun default
!” I yelled at the top of my lungs, hoping the hiker or whoever it was would
 hear me, “I saw a 
\emph on
bear
\emph default
, if anybody can hear me 
\emph on
run
\emph default
, I think it's mad!” Not that it'd help a human much to run from a vampire.
 
\emph on
I should have driven the rest of the way to the Denali’s house as soon as
 I heard his heart speeding up!
\emph default
 I chastised myself.
 I managed to circle to Mr.
 Clearwater's left and drive him away from where I'd heard the sound.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It wasn't until I knocked him down again and was struggling to get him into
 another bear hug without being deprived of a limb that I noticed the rustling
 was 
\emph on
following
\emph default
 us.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Very fast.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I felt a hand clap me on the back, not hard enough to hurt but enough to
 tell me that it was no human hand, and I saw bright sparks running over
 Mr.
 Clearwater's skin.
 He convulsed as if Tasered, breaking my grip but making no further attempt
 to run.
 He cringed on the ground and looked up.
 I risked taking my eyes off him to see who'd joined us.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
