#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{11}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Norway
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After entirely too much travel, I arrived back home in Forks, alone in a
 car with Carlisle.
 Esme and Edward had gotten out and were running home to prop up my preposterous
 story, although Edward had promised to come by and see me soon.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I got in the door of my house, it was almost ten p.m.
 (Friday) local time, and I was even about the right amount of tired.
 Charlie was waiting up for me, and engulfed me in a tremendous hug when
 I lurched through the door.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Bells, you're home! I missed you.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I missed you, too, Dad,” I said with a watery sort of smile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I called your mother,” Charlie went on, and I winced; “she's expecting
 you to get on the phone with her tomorrow, but I convinced her to leave
 you be tonight.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thanks, Dad.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why didn't Dr.
 Cullen warn us that you'd sleepwalk ahead of time?” he asked, looking over
 my head at Carlisle, who was sitting in his car in the driveway.
 Carlisle waved, smiled, and drove off, having confirmed that I was safely
 home.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Uh, it's a really rare symptom,” I said.
 “I guess he didn't think it was worth worrying us about.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hmph,” Charlie said.
 “Well, I'm glad you're better.
 You've looked under the weather for weeks.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hadn't thought Charlie had noticed -- Rosalie's drug schedule, and the
 fortunately-complete-before-I-was-kidnapped egg extraction surgery, had
 left me a little less than my best, but no one had commented.
 Well, Edward had commented, mostly to see if there was anything he could
 do for me, but he knew what was going on -- no humans had said anything
 about it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I feel fine now,” I assured him.
 “Just kind of tired -- lots of travel.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie nodded, patted me on the head, and released me from the hug.
 “Get a good night's sleep, Bells,” he instructed, and I nodded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I got up to my room, Edward was already there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your father would have turned me away if I'd gone by the door,” Edward
 explained.
 “But I did say I'd drop by.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Soon, you said, not immediately,” I laughed softly, not wanting to alert
 Charlie to the fact that I was having a conversation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Immediately is soon,” he countered, pulling me into another hug.
 He smelled so nice.
 All of the vampires did, although there were variations -- Esme reminded
 me of vanilla, for instance.
 I leaned on him sleepily and inhaled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm tired,” I announced.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All right,” he said, kissing my forehead.
 “I'll leave you be to rest; James isn't after you anymore, thankfully,
 so you don't need constant supervision.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You could stay anyway,” I suggested, half conscious, and then Edward tucked
 me into bed and I was out like a light.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I woke up still in the clothes Gianna had given me.
 Edward was lying next to me, on top of the covers that I was tucked under;
 I could feel his arm around me.
 Through the blanket, I could barely tell that he was cold.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Morning,” I yawned, burrowing my head a little deeper into the pillow.
 It was Saturday, nobody was trying to kill me, and I could lounge in bed
 all day if I wanted to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Interestingly, my exciting week didn't prevent life from going back to normal.
 Or rather, what had become normal in recent months.
 After Emmett and Jasper went on a road trip to truck David up to Denali,
 I was able to resume my visits to the Cullen house.
 Alice decided that she needed to plan my wedding -- “after all,” she explained,
 “even if you decide not to actually get married when you tell everyone
 you are, you'll have to send home convincing photos, so that means decorations
 and cake and clothes!” She had a point, and I turned the responsibility
 over to her after securing veto power over anything I found absolutely
 tasteless.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna took ten days to reply to my first e-mail, which I sent the Monday
 after my return.
 It had been a brief thing -- “I'm home safe, how are you, thanks again
 for the clothes, what's up in Volterra
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 I was fishing for tidbits with which to start some more substantial exchange,
 and from there I hoped to segue into asking the questions that really itched
 at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Dear Bella
\emph default
, her reply began.
 Apparently she was in the habit of treating e-mails like letters.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I'm glad you got home okay, and I hope everything continues to go smoothly
 for you.
 I'm doing fine.
 Today I finally found out why Santiago goes by a man's name -- it's not
 her name at all, it's the city she's from.
 She didn't tell me her real name, though, and I try not to ask too many
 questions in a row, because it makes them suspicious.
 Maybe I'll find out the next time I talk to her.
 But she seems to prefer to go by “Santiago
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, so I'm not sure how useful that would be.
 I have heard that Carlisle, from your coven, lived with the Volturi long
 ago.
 Perhaps he knows.
 Sincerely, Gianna
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This read to me like either an out-of-place bit of dwelling on Santiago's
 name -- I hadn't even known it wasn't a girls' name -- or a subtle direction
 to go to Carlisle, not Gianna, for info on the Volturi.
 That was all well as far as it went.
 (And it might also mean they were reading her mail.) But Carlisle had lived
 in Volterra before Gianna had even been born, and it was her I was most
 interested in learning about.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Dear Gianna
\emph default
, I wrote a few days later, following the convention she preferred.
 
\emph on
I asked Carlisle and he says Santiago is a more recent addition to the guard,
 so he doesn't know her name.
 During the entire time he was there, in fact, no one new arrived.
 So he only knows a few things about how they normally bring in new people.
 Apparently they go out of their way to add witches, or rather vampires
 with extra talents, but not everyone in the guard has one.
 How do people without extra talents get admitted to the guard? Sincerely,
 Bella
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We went back and forth at a snail's pace -- short, oblique e-mails every
 week or two.
 It was frustrating.
 I eventually gave up on figuring out the details of how Gianna had come
 to work for the Volturi or whether she expected to join them one day.
 I settled for newsy personal exchanges.
 We both stuck to innocuous information that her bosses wouldn't care about:
 I never told her if Jasper came close to slipping up in public or anything
 about Quileutes.
 Gianna would mention if she traveled internationally, but never specified
 city and only sometimes told me the country.
 She often told me in glowing terms about her favorite restaurants in Volterra,
 which was the very safest of topics and was frequently mouthwatering to
 read.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward offered me once to tell me what he'd read off Gianna's mind when
 he'd been nearby.
 I asked how much he'd listened to, and it wasn't much -- enough to answer
 a fraction of my questions but not all of them.
 He hadn't heard enough to know whether Gianna had a good reason to be cagey,
 and that was the part that made me refuse.
 I had no idea how often Aro read her, or how little it would take to turn
 her into a snack.
 If the Volturi were reading the correspondence, and I accidentally hinted
 something I'd learned from Edward, they could think she'd spilled the beans
 some other way.
 Refusing information was 
\emph on
hard
\emph default
, but it was the sort of thing I'd need to be able to do if I was going
 to spend any time with Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The school year plodded on.
 Despite my week-long absence and increasing restlessness about the unstimulatin
g work, I went on pulling good grades.
 I was able to contain the story about my departure via pickup truck --
 among my classmates and teachers the blanket explanation for the entire
 five days was “Bella was sick
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward and I continued brandishing our relationship at anyone who wandered
 past.
 If anything, we had gotten more over-the-top.
 I started talking about rings -- in the abstract -- with Jessica, and by
 the following afternoon, the rumor was that Edward had already proposed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He hadn't.
 In fact, ostentatious couplehood aside, nothing had changed except that
 Edward had started staying overnight most days -- lying awake next to me
 and listening to me (apparently) talk in my sleep.
 I made him tell me what I'd said, every morning after the one on which
 he informed me I'd been mumbling.
 It was usually names, Cullens and family members and classmates.
 Sometimes it was incomprehensible fragments like “don't the cake” or “prawns,
 where the rainbow is”.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When his nighttime visits had been the only change by the end of April,
 I was pretty sure he was disobeying Alice: he wasn't going 
\emph on
slow
\emph default
, because he wasn't 
\emph on
going
\emph default
 at all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We had been dating for 
\emph on
months
\emph default
 and he still hadn't told me he loved me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I knew perfectly well that he 
\emph on
did
\emph default
.
 That was the thing -- I'd have been in a far different sort of situation
 if Edward hadn't fallen for me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd been informed that the Denali sisters brought random human men into
 their beds all the time (previously to eat them in the style of the praying
 mantis, lately just to have fun and send them home alive, albeit bruised).
 They didn't rearrange their lives around those men, because they didn't
 love them.
 But when Laurent had shown up, he and one of the sisters, Irina, had been
 magnetically drawn to each other, and then no more soft and warm boys for
 her -- a rather significant lifestyle change for one of the inspirations
 of succubus myth.
 If I'd just looked like a good time, while also being Edward's “singer”,
 he'd have left town.
 It wouldn't have been worth the risk of my exsanguination (and the ensuing
 investigation into my death).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And even if that hadn't been the case, Edward was 
\emph on
really obvious
\emph default
.
 The way he looked at me just 
\emph on
screamed
\emph default
 that he loved me.
 The way he touched me, the presents, the way he zipped about making sure
 that everything I wanted was in place whenever I expressed preferences
 -- everything.
 It was the plainly missing piece every time he spoke to me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And he wouldn't say it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The traditional way to elicit a profession of love was to offer one oneself.
 I was sure that would get him to reply in kind.
 But I wasn't sure it was true.
 I suspected it...
 but didn't know how to be sure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was tempted to just wait another month, get turned, and then have a magical
 guarantee that I wouldn't be lying.
 But it didn't 
\emph on
just
\emph default
 bother me that it had gone unsaid -- it bothered me that there was something
 this significant that I didn't know about myself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't want to be witnessed at this particular exercise, so I found a
 thick quilt to cover me and the laptop.
 I picked a Tuesday afternoon when Jessica had canceled our study plans,
 and so Edward didn't expect to monopolize me.
 I ensconced myself in my room and typed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I put my thoughts right after the long, thorough diary entry I'd made about
 the days I'd spent in James's control.
 (Unpleasant as it had been, I didn't want to forget about it entirely when
 my human memories were occluded by newer, sharper vampire ones: therefore
 it had to be written down, where I could read it later and retrieve everything
 about the description with perfect fidelity.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thinking about whether I loved Edward was unfamiliar and difficult.
 It was like I was wading through mud.
 Laboriously, I typed.
 I certainly at least 
\emph on
liked
\emph default
 Edward.
 I enjoyed his company -- he went to considerable lengths to make sure that
 I would -- and I was attracted to him.
 I didn't know how that added up to love, if it did, or if there was something
 else that was supposed to be involved.
 Was there anyone I could 
\emph on
ask?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The vampires were all out.
 They were all cases of love at first sight or close to it (beforehand,
 for Alice), which I definitely 
\emph on
hadn't
\emph default
 experienced.
 Their recognition of the state wasn't likely to be informative to me.
 I didn't really want to have a conversation with either of my parents that
 would throw my planned elopement into doubt, and their marriage had ended
 in divorce anyway (although things seemed to be working out for Renée and
 Phil so far).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered if any of my human friends from school would be useful.
 Jessica and Mike were still together, but they had a fractious and not
 particularly intellectual relationship.
 Being Jessica's boyfriend meant being Jessica's status symbol and her designate
d source of makeouts and free dinners, and not much else.
 Angela 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 eventually gotten together with the object of her affections, a boy named
 Ben.
 Their relationship seemed more like mine than Jessica and Mike's.
 Angela and Ben were content together, and did small things to make each
 other happy, and seemed secure in their mutual affection.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The “secure” bit seemed important.
 That was possibly the thing I liked most about Edward -- he was 
\emph on
safe
\emph default
 in the way no one else ever could be.
 He couldn't get sick of me.
 He couldn't cheat.
 He couldn't hurt me -- well, accidents were possible, but only accidents.
 He couldn't even 
\emph on
want
\emph default
 to do any of those things.
 He'd protect me with his life, if that was what it took; he was resisting
 temptation I couldn't even comprehend in order to be near me, and he did
 it perfectly every time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Being with Edward was peculiar in many ways, simply because he was a vampire,
 but in a sense, it was uncomplicated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After I'd gotten this far I started feeling vaguely uncomfortable about
 picking the subject apart by myself.
 It seemed like it might be Edward's business, how I felt about him, and
 it was uncommonly challenging to plow through this mess -- someone to talk
 to might help.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I poked at my keyboard for a few minutes more, disconsolate about my inability
 to sort things out myself.
 I wished I'd dated more -- well, at all -- in Phoenix, so I could say,
 “Oh, this is 
\emph on
different
\emph default
, these feelings are stronger/dissimilar, they're more intrusive/altruistic/abst
ract/frequent/full of sex/
\emph on
whatever
\emph default
, aha, perhaps I am now in love.” No such luck.
 I'd spent my time single.
 I'd focused on the more diverting schoolwork offered by 
\noun on
ap
\noun default
 classes, the endless rotation of Renée's new obsessions, and books.
 Even the romance novels were unhelpful: the characters didn't act like
 any real human beings I'd met at all, and if I wasn't prone to comparable
 dramatic exhalations about my uncontrollable ardor, it didn't mean anything
 except that I wasn't meant to be watercolored on the cover of a mass market
 paperback containing borderline porn.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The prospect of talking to Edward about whether I was in love with him or
 not sounded extremely awkward.
 It would probably hurt him, I'd probably trip over my tongue a lot, and
 it might not even lead me to a definite conclusion.
 I could just put it off, just a bit longer.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But Edward was, above all things, 
\emph on
safe
\emph default
 to talk to.
 That wasn't true of anyone else, and I wasn't getting very far on my own
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And I wanted to hear him say it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I did my homework, reassessed my intentions for another minute, and then
 called Edward.
 He agreed to come over as soon as I told him Jessica had canceled and asked
 if he'd like to.
 Minutes later, he was at the door, buttering up Charlie with gentlemanly
 formality and then slipping upstairs to me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As soon as he crossed into my room, his arms were around me and his lips
 planted on my forehead.
 “Hello, Bella,” he said, drawing his face back an inch to look me in the
 eye.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi, Edward,” I said, simultaneously soothed to see him and anxious about
 having the conversation I was about to prompt.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He noticed, of course.
 “Bella, what's wrong?” He pulled me to sit next to him on my bed, one arm
 around me and the other holding my hand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I dropped my head onto his shoulder.
 I decided to start with him instead of myself, my motivations somewhere
 between wanting to work up to it and wanting to simply put it off.
 “Do you love me?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” he said at once, in a low murmur.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You never say it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't want to push you,” Edward sighed.
 “You'll let me hold you, you'll let me spend more time with you than I
 would have dared to ask for -- I don't want to do anything that would jeopardiz
e that.
 It's already so much more than I deserve.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I picked my head up and stared at him.
 He met my gaze calmly.
 Did he really think that? That I was “letting” him be near me? That my
 permission was a fragile thing he had to tiptoe around? How could he think
 that?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward, I love you,” I said, and I knew as I said it that it was true.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a silent moment, and then Edward was kissing me, and I had just
 enough time to think 
\emph on
oh, I guess we can do that after all
\emph default
 before my brain shut up and let me enjoy myself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kissing Edward was a lot like everything else about being with Edward --
 sweet and easy.
 I had no idea how to be any good at kissing, but there wasn't any need
 for me to be.
 It just worked.
 The conflict between kissing and breathing meant I eventually had to pull
 back to inhale another lungful of lilac-scented air.
 Then I kissed him again.
 On my second attempt I discovered the useful habit of breathing through
 my nose.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was still cold, but this reminded me more of ice cream than anything
 unpleasant.
 In one way, it was good that it hadn't come up that this activity was safe
 until April.
 The weather was warming up a little, leaving me comfortable even snuggled
 up to my vampire boyfriend as long as I had a hoodie on.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You know,” I said after a break several minutes later, “I'd been under
 the impression that there would be some venom-related issue.
 I should have 
\emph on
asked
\emph default
, I suppose.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Really?” he asked.
 “How long ago could this have happened if I'd mentioned that it was safe?
 Although it would be a bad idea for you to open your mouth,” he acknowledged,
 furrowing his brow.
 “In case you had a cut or something.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Months ago,” I told him, and he looked at me incredulously and then kissed
 me again.
 A few minutes later, I said, “So as long as I'm kicking myself for not
 asking about 
\emph on
this
\emph default
...
 Alice implied once that it would probably not be safe while I'm human to...”
 I made a vague gesture.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She implied correctly,” said Edward, making another one of those complicated
 faces.
 Impatience? Sorrow? Frustration? It was hard to disentangle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But Emmett makes enough lewd remarks that I surmise that 
\emph on
afterwards
\emph default
...” I trailed off.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded again, smiling slightly.
 “Emmett and Rosalie were very hard to be around for the first decade after
 he joined us,” he said, wrinkling his nose.
 “I couldn't stand to be within five miles of them.
 Esme and Carlisle kicked them out -- nicely, of course.
 Esme built them a house.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I giggled.
 I couldn't help it.
 “I'm going to 
\emph on
love
\emph default
 being a vampire,” I predicted ecstatically, and then I kissed Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
April ended, and May began.
 School wouldn't end until mid-June.
 I decided to ask Charlie's permission well in advance to go on the tour
 of Europe with the Cullens, to give him more time to get used to the idea.
 I didn't think he'd refuse, and he didn't, although he made me swear up
 and down to keep in regular phone contact.
 I agreed readily.
 There was no good reason to cut off my family just because I was going
 to turn into a vampire.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Plans for the trip came together.
 We were, in fact, going to start in Scandinavia -- Norway, to be specific.
 The Cullens just up and bought a house there -- a big fixer-upper for Esme
 to play with in the middle of nowhere, where I'd be unlikely to run into
 any unsuspecting humans by accident while new.
 Houses in poor repair weren't that much of a problem for vampires who didn't
 get splinters, urgently need working plumbing, require creak-free places
 to sleep, or want electricity to see in the dark or maintain a kitchen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Plans for my transformation, also, took form.
 Edward and Carlisle discussed, with very serious expressions on their faces,
 whether it would be a better idea to induce coma or just flood me with
 morphine before injecting venom.
 (Edward was already collecting it.
 I vaguely liked the idea of it being him who changed me, even with a syringe
 acting as intermediary.) Coma was eventually settled on, although they didn't
 know how much of the process I could sleep through with the transformation
 eating up the intrusive barbiturates.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett wanted to tell me his story before I changed -- it was his opinion
 that my change would resemble his more than anyone else's.
 He had, after all, been found and loved by Rosalie before she'd brought
 him to Carlisle -- and she'd been there when he'd turned.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He'd been mauled by a bear, that I knew.
 When he had started to lose hold on consciousness, he'd heard what he'd
 thought was another animal, fighting with the original bear over his carcass.
 It was Rosalie, of course, making short work of the creature and picking
 up Emmett to rush him home with her.
 He'd felt like he was flying, and managed to open his eyes -- and then
 fought to keep them there, transfixed by Rosalie's face.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He'd thought she was an angel, had been confused when she didn't take off
 into the air -- “And then she brought me to God,” he related, laughing.
 This impression of Carlisle (reasonable, I supposed, given that Emmett
 had lost a 
\emph on
lot
\emph default
 of blood, and had already taken Rosalie for an angel) led him to believe,
 when the transformation was underway, that he had been sent to Hell.
 But, he said, Hell wasn't so bad because his “angel” stayed with him --
 every time “God” came to see how he was progressing, Emmett had feared
 she'd be taken away, but she never was.
 In spite of the sensation of hellfire, he considered his fate merciful
 overall.
 And reacted, when it was over, surprisingly well to the whole “now you're
 a vampire” situation.
 Although (he chortled, somewhat inappropriately) he had some trouble adjusting
 to the Cullens' lifestyle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When Emmett had finished telling me his story, I thanked him, and went straight
 to Edward.
 “When I'm turning,” I said, “will you stay with me?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” he said.
 He didn't hesitate, but it sounded like it was difficult for him to say
 the word.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I winced.
 “I know I'll probably be awful to be around, once I come out of the coma,
 screaming and crying and everything, but...
 it sounded like it helped Emmett.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded, and pulled me into a snug embrace, which I leaned into gratefully.
 “I'll stay with you,” he promised.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And Rosalie said she could hear what you and Carlisle were saying to her,
 during...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll talk to you,” he said, understanding what I meant.
 “It might help keep you distracted.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And if it feels like fire...” I said, putting a hand against his cheek.
 “You're pretty chilly,” I pointed out, feeling sheepish.
 “Has it been tried? Keeping turning people cold?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We haven't tried that, no,” he said slowly.
 “It's not actually heat, you know, only the impression of it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Could it hurt to try? I'm sorry, I'm sure this is going to be as awful
 for you as it will be for me, but...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward shook his head.
 “I'll hold you while it happens,” he murmured, lacing his fingers through
 my hair.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
May ended, and June began.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The school year began wrapping up.
 Final exam study guides were distributed.
 Yearbooks were sold.
 Summer plans were discussed with animated expressions of jealousy or sympathy,
 depending.
 My advertised trip to Europe with the Cullens elicited such dire looks
 of envy that I considered telling everyone that I also expected to spend
 three days being tortured by burning vampire venom.
 But of course that was a strict secret.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I told Gianna, though.
 Part of me hoped the Volturi 
\emph on
were
\emph default
 reading her mail and would be reassured that the date was set and I wouldn't
 go much longer as a human-in-the-know.
 I didn't tell her the address of the place in Norway, but I did mention
 that we'd be “just a bit north” of her and mentioned that my first meal
 was probably going to be moose.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Final exams marched by.
 End-of-year parties were held, and Edward and I showed up to some of them.
 Rosalie, Emmett, and Jasper, all in senior year while Alice and Edward
 were juniors like me, graduated.
 We went to watch them, and I wondered how many times each had worn similar
 caps and gowns, listened to similar valedictorian speeches, walked across
 similar stages.
 I asked Rosalie, later, and she said, “Me? Ugh, too many times.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why do you keep going to high school? College would be more interesting,
 wouldn't it?” I inquired.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It is.
 Had a bit of a problem with somebody actually 
\emph on
calling
\emph default
 my imaginary high school alma mater once, though, so now I just sit through
 a year or two of this,” she gestured in the direction of the school building,
 “and go with a partially real transcript.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Saying goodbye to Charlie was difficult, but familiar.
 I'd left him for long periods of time after comparatively short visits
 every summer I could remember -- it was just usually fall, not summer,
 when I did it.
 This time, I knew something he didn't: that I might not see him in person
 again for years -- if ever.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hugged him an extra time.
 It was all I could do.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Cullens put cloths over everything in their house and garage, protecting
 it from dust, and then loaded three rental cars with bags and cases and
 boxes.
 I asked how many houses, full of furniture and hard-to-transport possessions,
 they had scattered around the world.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you leave out the ones that we're renting out, and include the one in
 Norway,” said Edward, “twelve.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I whistled.
 He laughed and kissed me.
 We were sharing a car with Alice; Carlisle and Esme were in another, and
 Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie shared the last.
 (I suspected that Jasper was not in our car because it would be challenging
 to share such an enclosed space with me for that long.
 Soon, there would be no such problem.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We arrived at the airport, slipped through airport security with minimized
 suspicion, boarded our airplane -- first class again -- and flew to Norway.
 Our flight itinerary had several hops, finally ending in the Bergen Airport.
 All of the Cullens had learned Norwegian for the occasion to interact with
 airport personnel, although Alice informed me that their accents were terrible
 for the time being, having been learned only from books and limited recordings.
 I stayed silent and let them speak for me.
 There would be plenty of opportunity to learn the language far more efficiently
 later.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The house was a big wooden thing.
 Esme looked like she was in love with it as soon as we drove up in the
 rentals we'd gotten in the city.
 (Rosalie planned to go shopping for cars later on, but rentals were faster
 to obtain compared to the nice sorts of cars the Cullens liked.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While Carlisle prepped a place for me to do my turning and unpacked the
 necessary equipment to render me comatose, Edward scooped me up and ran
 me out to the coastline nearby so I could have a look at the view.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The fjords were beautiful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When Edward got Carlisle's mental message that everything was set up, he
 murmured in my ear, “Whenever you're ready, Bella.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Was I ready? I leaned on Edward and thought about it.
 I was pretty sure 
\emph on
being
\emph default
 a vampire would be excellent.
 I was afraid of the process.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Three days, minus the duration of the coma.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's no way to stop it once it's started, right?” I asked.
 If I could commit, now, to sticking it out, if I'd come through it whether
 I liked or not, whole and psychologically intact...
 that was fine.
 If there was some chance that I could beg and plead until Edward couldn't
 stand it anymore and undid the progress, then it would be for nothing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” he told me.
 “Bella, you can back out now, if you want.
 I promise I won't let anyone resent you for it.
 It's entirely up to you.
 If you want to wait, or change your mind, we can really just go on a tour
 of Europe with your heart still beating.
 You don't have to do this.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I 
\emph on
want
\emph default
 to be a vampire,” I said.
 “I'm just not...
 totally unmoved by the steps I have to take to get there.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He kissed my hairline.
 “You don't have to do it,” he repeated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm going to,” I said firmly.
 And then, with less confidence -- “You'll stay.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll stay,” he promised.
 I looked into his eyes.
 He would stay, because I'd need him, even though every time I so much as
 flinched it would hurt him too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I knew I had recently been uncertain, because I'd written it down, but 
\emph on
how
\emph default
 had I not known I'd loved him?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm ready, then,” I said, “as I'll ever be.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward picked me up, held me tight, and brought me back to the house.
 I ate a square of chocolate -- the last time any human food would taste
 good to me.
 I let it dissolve on my tongue slowly, and then I went to the room Carlisle
 had selected as the site of the transformation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I kept my eyes closed throughout the entire procedure while Carlisle drugged
 me into unconsciousness.
 I knew that once I fell asleep, Edward would plunge a vial of venom into
 my heart, and more into major pulse points -- the more venom there was,
 the faster the change would be over with.
 I slipped away into darkness.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I awoke in flames.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
