#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{5}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Edward
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hurried through Friday trying as hard as I could to avoid more 
\emph on
vampire stuff
\emph default
 to process.
 I stuck to my human friends, finding someone to walk with between each
 class and sitting with them at lunch.
 During lunch I made homework buddy plans with Angela that involved me driving
 her to my house immediately after school.
 (Angela lived near enough to walk between school and home, and wouldn't
 leave a car behind that she'd have to fetch later.) When I met up with her
 right after gym, it successfully deterred Edward from catching up with
 me (I caught a glimpse of him in the parking lot, and his expression said
 that he certainly 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 have).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Angela hopped into my truck and we rumbled down the highway and to my house.
 I fixed us celery sticks and plopped some dip into a bowl, and then it
 was several hours solid of homework.
 At least ostensibly.
 Angela subscribed to the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

work next to each other
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 theory of group studying, and didn't look over my shoulder.
 I finished everything that was due on Monday so it wouldn't hang over my
 head on the weekend.
 But after that, I pulled out my personal, non-school notebook, and thought
 in plain sight.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had reasonably strong evidence that vampires “mated for life”, so to speak.
 I didn't know if they ever engaged in casual friends-with-benefits arrangements
, but from what Edward had said, if they actually went so far as to fall
 in love, there they stayed.
 Alice had said only that Edward “liked” me.
 But she had a strong motive to avoid spooking me and sending me out of
 Forks on the next plane.
 She'd asked me to promise not to stop speaking to her brother, and she'd
 approached me before I'd made any mental threats to go to Charlie about
 the family -- she'd approached me at the first available opportunity after
 I'd decided to treat Edward's staring as a harassment issue.
 (Well, she had also saved me from Tyler's van, but that was the sort of
 thing that would have likely turned up in any future-peeking she did about
 me.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wasn't sure if this particular aspect of vampirism “worked” with humans
 like me.
 But\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 If I would be easy for Edward to forget about, if I were just an arbitrary
 human who caught his fancy, there was no reason for the vampires to have
 any collective interest in me at all.
 There would be no reason for Edward to follow Alice's guidelines about
 what would set me off.
 There would be no reason for him to put himself through the ordeal of being
 around my super-yummy self.
 There would be no reason for his family to trouble themselves to welcome
 me.
 There would be no reason for Alice to see me eventually becoming a vampire.
 He would have every motivation in the world to go chew on elephants in
 Kenya or otherwise be not-here until I graduated and went off to college.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If Alice saw me as her future sister-in-law, though\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 eternally and vampirically
 bound to Edward\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Yes, then I could see Edward's family rallying around him, glad that the
 odd one out of their number had at last found his eternal bride -- just
 add venom.
 I could see them graciously agreeing to satisfy my curiosities -- which
 would have been dismissible at best and a death sentence at worst for anyone
 else.
 I could see Alice focusing on me, thinking of what I would do if Edward
 pursued me any of a hundred ways, coaching him\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I uttered a quiet curse.
 Angela looked up and I thwacked my trig book in plausible annoyance.
 She politely told me that her father was a minister and she'd be much obliged
 if I didn't swear at triangles around her, then looked back at her English
 essay.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was suddenly reminded of something I'd written -- at least a year and
 a half ago, I thought.
 That meant it would be in my computer, with my compiled and archived older
 thoughts, not in my notebook.
 I got up and fetched it; Angela wasn't curious, and I supposed she expected
 I'd be typing up my essay.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tried a few too-generic keywords, searching through my logs and turning
 up a lot of redundancy.
 Finally I typed the phrase “romance novel”, and my word processor took
 me directly to the correct section.
 A little under two years previously, I'd been the beneficiary of my great-aunt'
s sudden conversion to Catholicism and her disposal of her “sinful” book
 collection.
 She'd actually given the volumes to Renée, but Renée left them lying about,
 and I'd been bored one afternoon.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At a first glance, it was bewildering that women read the things.
 The formula, at least of the type my great-aunt had preferred, was not
 one that my fifteen-year-old self had found appealing.
 My first writings about the novels complained that they all put their heroines
 in helpless situations -- often, they were chased by some relentless hero
 who could not, if it came down to it, be deterred.
 My great-aunt had liked fantasy romances in particular, and it was not
 at all uncommon for the male leads to be various types of supernatural
 creature with unusual mating habits such that they were committed to attaining
 the heroine from the moment they spotted her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My original notes about this trend were scoffing, contemptuous.
 I'd thought the women in those books were all idiotic ninnies for “giving
 in”.
 I thought the authors were backwards and sexist for writing situations
 like that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My next relevant entry was about a month and a half afterward.
 I'd happened to acquire the soundtrack to “The Beauty and the Beast” (I
 had a soft spot for the story due to name similarities), and noticed that
 there was a similar pattern.
 Belle was, of course, trapped in the Beast's castle.
 If she annoyed him, he certainly had the capacity to do her immense harm,
 and he frightened her with this power.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What he couldn't do was exercise this option one 
\emph on
iota
\emph default
 more than she cared to forgive, without sabotaging himself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Beauty and the Beast was an unusual story of the pattern in that there was
 an explicit result the Beast wanted and had to earn by getting Belle to
 love him.
 The romance novels tended to leave that embedded in a way that was too
 subtle for me to get at first.
 In the fairy tale (as retold by Disney with singing tea services, of course),
 love was the prerequisite for the Beast to be de-beastified.
 In the novels, love was the goal itself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What Belle and the other heroines had was absolute power over whether their
 romantic interests got to win the prizes they were after.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The 
\emph on
only
\emph default
 way the Beast could get what he wanted -- and it wasn't even a sure thing
 -- was to throw himself into becoming who 
\emph on
Belle
\emph default
 wanted and doing what 
\emph on
Belle
\emph default
 wanted.
 He 
\emph on
needed
\emph default
 her; 
\emph on
she
\emph default
 was merely under his power.
 If there had been no time limit, if he could have kept her stuck in his
 castle forever, all the roaring and destruction he could bring to bear
 wouldn't become any more effective.
 He couldn't win by coercing her into saying certain words or performing
 certain acts; he had to win by making her feel a certain way.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As a romance trope, where the entire point of the book was for the couple
 depicted on the cover art to be together in the end, this pattern was subject
 to a certain condition.
 Specifically, there could not be any non-personal reason for the heroine
 to reject her suitor.
 His personality was malleable -- she could ask for whatever she liked,
 holding all the cards as she did -- but if he happened to be poor or ugly
 or otherwise objectionable in some less readily addressable way, the book
 would a) make a worse wish-fulfillment story for the target audience, and
 b) feel implausible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a very strange feeling, to have landed in a romance novel.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Because unless I was very much mistaken, I had acquired for myself a vampire
 who had one chance at love, inexplicably me; who knew that he could only
 get what he wanted if I was happy; and who was most definitely 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 poor, ugly, or otherwise objectionable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Angela completed her essay, and asked to be driven home.
 I closed my laptop and managed to get her to her house without driving
 us into any trees, despite my mind's insistence on continuing to reel.
 I thought I knew the situation; I just didn't know what I 
\emph on
wanted
\emph default
 out of it, and that was a very uncomfortable thing to not know.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I drove home alone, frowning at the road.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie had returned from work by the time I pulled into the driveway.
 I blew into the house, put a pot of water on the boil, and made spaghetti;
 I didn't have the energy for anything complicated.
 There were meatballs in the freezer and jars of sauce in the pantry.
 I threw everything together once the pasta had cooked, brought Charlie
 his plate in the family room, and ate mine at the kitchen table.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Exactly one minute after I'd finished my helping of food, the doorbell rang.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I got it,” I called to Charlie, and I went to answer the door, expecting
 one or another of the vampires.
 I was right.
 It was Alice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your future went all 
\emph on
dizzy
\emph default
,” she said, accusation in her voice.
 She spoke softly enough that there was no way for Charlie to hear her over
 the television.
 “I have an awful headache.
 Can I come in?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fine,” I said, standing aside.
 They weren't going to let me think alone very much, were they? I supposed
 that was why Alice saw me going “dizzy”.
 My only plans right now were to make up my mind.
 But that was exactly what muddied her visions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I showed Alice up to my room, and sat on my bed.
 She took my desk chair, spun it around to face me, and planted her elbows
 on her knees.
 “Edward's going out of his mind,” Alice said baldly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You know,” I said, “until yesterday I didn't think he knew you'd told me
 that he ‘liked’ me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice winced.
 “He didn't, until yesterday.
 I'm usually fairly good at avoiding thoughts I don't want him to catch.
 I slipped up.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I do need 
\emph on
time
\emph default
 to think things through, and make decisions,” I complained.
 “I don't like to issue snap judgments about anything important.
 I have to figure out what I want, and make sure that I approve of the reasons
 I have for wanting it, and pick the best way available to get it, and I
 prefer to do this in writing, but I don't like to write too much with anybody
 around, and so I have to wait until I'm alone or near somebody who thinks
 I'm taking some other kind of notes and won't look.
 I was going to block out all Saturday to do it.
 You couldn't wait?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward couldn't wait.
 He 
\emph on
begged
\emph default
 me to talk to you,” said Alice.
 “Begged.
 Bella, I think he 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 have given you lots of time, all the time you wanted, he probably would
 have told us all to stay away from you and give you plenty of space, but
 -- oh, you should have seen him the day you switched lab partners!” she
 exclaimed.
 “He was practically in a panic.
 He thought he could take off for a week and you'd be right where he left
 you, waiting for 
\emph on
him
\emph default
 to sort 
\emph on
his
\emph default
 thoughts out.
 But you didn't.
 He went back to school and found out that you were trying to get away from
 him and couldn't stand it -- you're smart, I know you've figured this all
 out, I saw you writing it.” She waved a hand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With a sharp shock, I realized that Alice's power wasn't necessarily more
 ethically innocuous than Jasper's or Edward's.
 “Alice,” I started hotly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She shook her head, causing her short black hair to fly around.
 “No.
 Sorry to interrupt, but no.
 Later.
 Later, we will have that conversation.
 Promise.
 Right now, we will talk about Edward.
 You figured it out, you're very smart, be proud of yourself, 
\emph on
please
\emph default
 don't run away someplace inaccessible just because the situation is horribly
 awkward.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Am I allowed to say 
\emph on
anything
\emph default
, or are you just here to plead for Edward's sanity?” I asked, perturbed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I just want to stick to the topic.
 You can talk,” Alice huffed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What do you -- or Edward, or anybody -- expect me to 
\emph on
do?
\emph default
” I inquired, spreading my hands helplessly.
 “Does he really think it's going to 
\emph on
speed things up
\emph default
 to not give me Saturday to get my head straight?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No.
 I don't think 
\emph on
he
\emph default
 even knows what he wants to happen here.
 He thinks I'm going to pick magic words that will magically make you 
\emph on
magically
\emph default
 decide that you're 
\emph on
magically
\emph default
 in love with him.
 Jasper was on edge all through lunch today, picking up Edward's mood when
 you didn't sit with us, it was awful.” Alice shook her head disgustedly.
 “I told him, 
\emph on
I told him
\emph default
, that he needed to go 
\emph on
slow
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took a very deep breath.
 “What's it 
\emph on
like?
\emph default
” I asked.
 My voice came out soft and earnest where I'd been expecting exasperation
 -- that was interesting.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think I'm typical there,” Alice frowned.
 “I'd been a vampire for almost twenty-eight years when I started seeing
 Jasper in my visions.
 I knew just what to expect.
 I waited for him in a diner, and he showed up, and I walked right up to
 him and said “You've been keeping me waiting a long time,” and he ducked
 his head like a good Southern gentleman and said, “I'm sorry, ma'am.” And
 then I held out my hand and he took it and we were...
 whole.
 Emmett has a better story,” she said.
 “I think he'd prefer to tell it himself, though.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm right, then,” I said, “that it doesn't matter if I'm a human or a vampire,
 it works the same way?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It works the same on Edward,” Alice said.
 “You're still human in every way.” She paused.
 “You know, if you get turned, it 
\emph on
will
\emph default
 work on you.
 It'd be very convenient,” she pleaded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If I get turned? I thought you were sure about that?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You were about to figure out the part where as soon as you turn, the falling
 in love part is symmetrical,” grumbled Alice.
 “That'd unmake your mind right there until you figured out Edward, and
 
\emph on
that
\emph default
 could go any which way as far as 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 can see.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But when I'm turned, I had the impression that there was an adjustment
 period.
 I probably shouldn't do it on a school night, for example,” I said wryly.
 “I was thinking maybe summer -- I could tell Charlie I'm going to tour
 Europe or something while I work on conquering my baser impulses.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, the adjustment period is usually longer than that,” said Alice.
 “Although, when I 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 see you crystal-clear as a vampire, you had newborn colored eyes and there
 were a couple of images of you being around humans.
 Carlisle thinks you might adjust better because you're expecting to be
 turned, can go in a little prepared, and none of us were.
 So a summer might work for you -- but you might need a backup story about
 having suddenly been accepted to early college somewhere.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But upon being turned, I'll be just as smitten with Edward as he is with
 me?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” said Alice.
 “I mean, if not before -- but yes, at least by then.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I drew my knees up to my chest and rested my chin on them.
 “I don't know what to think about that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I 
\emph on
know
\emph default
,” grumbled Alice.
 “It's making my head hurt to keep looking at it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sorry,” I mumbled.
 I liked Alice, and didn't want to give her headaches, but I didn't see
 how I could think any faster.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I saw you and Edward together after you turned,” cooed Alice coaxingly.
 “You looked so happy.
 I saw Jasper following you around all the time, just to soak it up, he
 likes to be around happy people.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I turned my face down, hiding it against my jeans.
 “I barely know Edward,” I whispered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's not going to push you to get turned,” Alice said, surprising me.
 “He still thinks you'd be better off as a human.
 Even with the lack of fated togetherness.
 He just wants\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 he wants you 
\emph on
around
\emph default
.
 You know, I think he might even settle for it if you just wanted to be
 his friend -- as long as he got to spend time with you.
 He can't tolerate being away from you for long before he starts getting
 very annoying.
 He 
\emph on
paces
\emph default
.” She wrinkled her nose.
 “I mean\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 given that he thinks you should stay human and that you are very,
 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 fragile, his best-case scenario probably looks like being just friends
 from a spectator's perspective anyway.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Right.
 Man of steel, woman of Kleenex.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You still don't see me dead?” I checked.
 “I mean, not of unnatural causes?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Still don't see you dead,” Alice confirmed.
 “With a heartbeat or without, you're walking around as far as I can see.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I considered this.
 It was not that much to ask.
 I didn't have any spite for Edward, let alone enough to drive him up the
 wall when the remedy was easily enough at hand.
 “I will,” I said, “be Edward's friend, for the time being.
 And I will think.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice nodded.
 “I'll let him know.” And she got up and glided out of my room to let herself
 out.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On Saturday, Edward visited.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He arrived shortly after Charlie and I had split the last of breakfast's
 blueberry pancakes.
 Charlie answered the bell and seemed pleasantly surprised to find Edward
 on the doorstep.
 He invited the vampire in without even consulting me, though Edward mentioned
 that he was here to see me (“to study for Biology”, he said).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's a pity you weren't here in time for breakfast,” Charlie remarked as
 Edward strolled into our house.
 Of course Edward had probably been parked outside, listening to Charlie's
 thoughts until the food was all gone.
 Or hiding far away, someplace with a direct line of vampirically-enhanced
 sight in through our window.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I had breakfast earlier,” Edward said smoothly.
 His eyes were still gold, so I supposed that was probably true.
 “Bella? Where is the best place to study?” He lifted his prop of a knapsack
 and tilted his head inquiringly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My room,” I said shortly, and I showed him up the stairs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm going to go fishing, Bells,” Charlie called as I went up the stairs.
 “I'll be home late.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I hollered back.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sat on my bed.
 Edward took my chair, as Alice had during her visit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I somehow don't think you really want to study Biology,” I told him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're right,” he grinned.
 I wasn't sure if he could tell that I was in a poor mood and was trying
 to fix it, or hadn't noticed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I do that sometimes.” I had questions pending, anyway -- I might as well
 ask the one applicable to Edward while he was around.
 “So\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 want to tell me the story of how you became a vampire?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you like,” he said, although it sounded like he didn't prefer to tell
 the story.
 “It was in 1918.
 I was seventeen, dying of the Spanish influenza.
 My parents were already dead -- Carlisle could change me without anyone
 noticing, there were so many victims of the outbreak.
 I was the first one he added to the family\SpecialChar \ldots{}
” -- I'd guessed that, from the
 portraits -- “but he found Esme soon after.
 She'd\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 fallen from a cliff.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I frowned.
 “So he saved your life.
 You don't 
\emph on
have
\emph default
 to be mortally ill or injured to turn, do you?” Of course, this was the
 obvious impetus to turn someone -- clearly it could save an otherwise unsalvage
able life.
 But if it was necessary\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward shook his head.
 “That's the only way Carlisle does it.
 He wouldn't take anyone's mortal life from them if they had one to live.
 But no, it's not strictly necessary.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So Rosalie and Emmett, too? They were dying?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” said Edward.
 Then he looked puzzled.
 “I know Alice told you about how she doesn't know what happened to her
 when she was human, and I guess if Carlisle had turned her it would be
 reasonable that he'd have told her something about where she came from,
 but how did you know that Carlisle didn't turn Jasper?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm guessing,” I said.
 “From the portraits on the second floor of your house -- Jasper and Alice
 arrived together, didn't they? If Carlisle turned Jasper and not Alice,
 it would be a huge coincidence for her to show up close enough to his turning
 that they'd show up in the same picture.
 Also, it would be peculiar for him to turn up at the diner full of humans
 where he met her, if he were new at the time.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
 “Perceptive.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I heard the door to Charlie's car slamming, and I leaned to look out the
 window.
 He pulled out of the driveway and headed out -- presumably to pick up a
 fishing buddy or two before going to try and catch dinner.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My turn,” said Edward lightly, and my head turned back towards him automaticall
y.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your turn?” I asked, confused.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“For a story,” he said, smiling faintly.
 “Why don't you tell me about how you came to move to Forks?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was briefly nonplussed by this request.
 It wasn't a particularly interesting story.
 “My mother remarried,” I said.
 Edward, to his credit, didn't interrupt me with some guess about my not
 getting along with Phil.
 “He's fine,” I said, in case he was thinking it, “but he plays baseball
 for a living, and has to move around a lot.
 Renée couldn't travel with him because she had to be home with me most
 of the time, and that made her unhappy, so I decided to come and live with
 Charlie.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You care about her a lot,” he murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's my 
\emph on
mom
\emph default
,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Tell me about her,” Edward invited.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She looks a lot like me, but with shorter hair...” I began.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was no further pretense of taking turns -- the conversation proceeded
 organically.
 Edward was fascinated by the smallest details about me (he wanted to know
 about my decision to do yoga instead of conventional gym; he wanted to
 hear all about the classes I'd taken in Phoenix; he wanted to learn about
 my extended family; he wanted to memorize my favorite color; he was curious
 about my taste in movies).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't get caught up in 
\emph on
quite
\emph default
 so many minutiae about him -- but that was largely because Edward was more
 than a hundred years old.
 He knew his birthdate, unlike Alice -- they were probably the same chronologica
l age, though she'd been turned two years later -- and also unlike Alice,
 he remembered being human.
 That added up to more than a century of material, and once he caught the
 trend of what interested me, he catered to it -- there was no need to dwell
 on tiny things like favorite color with all that to talk about.
 From his vast available supply, he handpicked the very best stories of
 traveling around the country and the world, offering as topics learning
 everything from how to fly a plane to foreign languages.
 At first, he seemed hesitant to go on talking as long as was necessary
 to do justice to some of his memories, but I made every effort to look
 as rapt as I felt.
 He still asked me questions when something he was curious about came up
 -- wanted to know what my favorite flowers were when he mentioned a botanical
 garden, things like that -- but he did more of the talking than I did,
 overall.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It really should have occurred to me that Edward would be 
\emph on
interesting
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He hadn't just seen and done dozens of amazing things -- he had a wonderful
 way of telling them.
 Apparently his pre-turning ability to read people had not been 
\emph on
completely
\emph default
 supplanted with mindreading and made rusty from disuse, and he rapidly
 picked up on what had me on the edge of my seat and what left me cold,
 adjusting accordingly.
 By the time my rumbling stomach announced that it was time for lunch, rather
 than a continued description of the Great Barrier Reef around which a vampire
 could safely dive free of equipment, Edward had figured out how to have
 me hanging off his every word.
 His beautiful voice didn't hurt -- but I was pretty sure I'd have been
 thrilled to read his stories in an e-mail, too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're hungry,” he said, pausing in the middle of explaining how little
 octopi cared to be near vampires.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A bit.
 I'll just go down and get some carrots and ranch; I'm sure Charlie will
 bring home more fish than I know what to do with and I should make sure
 I have an appetite for dinner.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward let me finish my sentence, although as soon as I said 
\emph on
carrots
\emph default
 it looked like it was very hard for him to do so.
 “You could let me take you out to lunch,” he said quietly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't think it would look a bit odd for us to walk into a restaurant
 and have only one of us eat?” I asked.
 I didn't bring up the financial imposition.
 (It would be ridiculous and probably insulting.
 If they hadn't already thought of sending Alice and a spare thousand dollars
 to toy with Wall Street, they should all have been set on fire for stupidity:
 they had to be many times richer than they looked.
 Also, Edward was from 1901, and accordingly I felt no obligation to haul
 out modern rights and responsibilities for my gender that didn't happen
 to suit me.) I didn't protest the suspiciously date-like nature of the invitatio
n, either.
 I'd agreed to be his friend, and friends sometimes had lunch together;
 and five solid hours of continuous, un-awkward conversation had done a
 lot to push me towards the “okay, give it a shot” plan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not enough to cause a problem,” he assured me.
 “If you're worried about it, we can order two things, and you can have
 half of each and bring the rest home.
 I can always take a bite or two if the waitstaff do get suspicious, but
 it's unlikely.
 You really have to act a 
\emph on
lot
\emph default
 stranger than what passes for normal to get serious attention.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That was a good plan.
 My stomach gurgled again.
 “I don't know any good restaurants around here.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What kind of food do you like?” Edward asked.
 Oh -- right.
 Perfect recall.
 He didn't need to 
\emph on
eat
\emph default
 to know what was to be had, he only needed to have heard of the choices,
 in speech or in thought.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All kinds,” I said, “but right now I think I'm in the mood for Italian.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's nothing worthwhile in Forks,” Edward said, “but there's a nice
 place in Port Angeles.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's an hour away,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not if you let me drive,” Edward said, “in a car other than your truck,
 fast.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I gritted my teeth.
 “Let me think,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He nodded, and watched me; I shut my eyes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What were my 
\emph on
real
\emph default
 reasons for preferring not to speed, and did they apply?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Well, Charlie 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 be scandalized.
 Why did that matter to me? I trusted Charlie's judgment in general\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 he was
 level-headed, not rash, those seemed like good qualities.
 “Don't speed” was the essence of being unrash.
 But only because it was dangerous, physically and legally -- when a human
 was behind the wheel.
 A human who couldn't psychically detect things like road rage and didn't
 have extranormal reflexes.
 Charlie didn't know that Edward wasn't one of those, and I didn't know
 how that knowledge would change his reaction.
 It was still illegal.
 But the only 
\emph on
good
\emph default
 reason to have a speeding law was the danger.
 It was\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 not very dangerous with a vampire behind the wheel, and not very
 likely to get us in trouble with the law with his mindreading.
 But\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What,” I asked, “would you do if, in spite of everything, we 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 crash?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Claw open the roof of the car, grab you, jump out, and then bang up the
 car enough that no one would notice the suspicious part of the damage,”
 he told me at once.
 “It would actually be safer for you 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 to wear a seatbelt.
 I could snap one, but it'd take me an extra moment.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The people who skipped seatbelts in the expectation of being “thrown clear”
 were morons.
 But Edward's scenario seemed plausible.
 Any others involved in the crash would probably be too distracted to see
 anything unusual about our departure from the car.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My only good reasons to say no to the 
\emph on
driving
\emph default
 part were not applicable.
 Accordingly, if I were to say no, it would have to be for other reasons,
 and I had none.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fine, then, lunch in Port Angeles,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Really?” Edward asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Really.
 Are you going to just run to your house and get a fast car?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can do that,” he said slowly.
 I wondered why the reluctance, and then he answered my unspoken question.
 “Or 
\emph on
we
\emph default
 could run there, and then you wouldn't need to wait for me to bring it
 here to pick you up.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All right,” I said.
 
\emph on
That
\emph default
 transportational issue had already been resolved to my satisfaction.
 “Hold your breath if you need to.” I got up and exited the house, hearing
 his quiet footsteps behind me as I went.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Once we were outside and I'd locked the door, Edward looked at me questioningly
 -- to make sure I was ready, I guessed -- and I nodded to him.
 He picked me up very carefully, the same way Esme had.
 “Comfortable?” he asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm fine,” I breathed.
 I was not uncomfortable, but I 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 underestimated how I would react to Edward picking me up.
 Maybe he'd been hesitant to suggest it and had asked Esme to carry me on
 Thursday because he was trying to follow Alice's instructions about going
 
\emph on
slow
\emph default
 with me\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then he took off, and the colors around me became lightning streaks
 retreating into the distance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 been jogging.
 This was a 
\emph on
run
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I turned my face into Edward's chest and tucked my arms in close to my body,
 trying to reduce the surface area exposed to the whistling, humid wind.
 I didn't believe he was running flat-out.
 I'd watched him practically teleport across the vampires' baseball field,
 and I didn't think I was quite sturdy enough to deal with that much safely.
 But it was very fast.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In an odd way, it was pleasant to be so securely held at such a high speed.
 It was poking some subconscious reptile-brain piece of me, I guessed, some
 part that wanted a protector and wanted to be sure that protector would
 suffice in extreme circumstances.
 The reptile-brain piece did not have the sophistication to realize that
 its would-be protector was also causing the extremity of the circumstances.
 It just noticed that I was going abnormally fast, and that a person it
 had other reasons to like was holding me nice and tight, preventing the
 speed from bringing me to harm.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And this was accompanied by a nice, warm feeling that quite compensated
 for the whooshing wind.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In only a few minutes we were at the Cullen house -- or rather, in the forest
 near it.
 A white outbuilding, painted to match the main house, was nestled among
 the trees, with a smooth dirt track leading from it to the road connecting
 their driveway to the highway.
 I estimated that it would hold a dozen cars -- there were three doors,
 each with room for the adjacent passage of two cars, but the building was
 deep enough that it could be the same on the other side.
 Edward put me down on my feet, and let me hang on his arm for a moment
 while I reassured myself that my legs were not too wobbly to work.
 Upon confirming that they functioned normally -- which is to say, that
 I was only four or five times more likely than a normal human to fall on
 my rear -- I stood up unsupported.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward reached into his pocket and presumably pressed a remote for one of
 the doors.
 The middle one on our side peeled open to reveal the familiar Volvo that
 the Cullens drove to school.
 Beside it sat another silver car, bearing a logo with wings -- a vampire
 would have been able to read its text from my vantage point, but I couldn't,
 and I didn't know cars.
 “Volvo, or the other one?” I asked Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The other one,” he said, sounding amused by my designation.
 I approached the car, and he appeared at the driver's side door in the
 blink of an eye to unlock it and get in before I arrived.
 I sat down, closed the door gently to avoid harming the likely-valuable
 car, and consciously reminded myself not to fasten my seatbelt.
 The interior was comfortable and fancy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I closed my eyes for most of the ride, and brushed out the running-induced
 tangles from my hair with my fingers.
 Once Edward was done accelerating, and when we were not in the middle of
 a curve, I couldn't feel the speed much; I didn't want to see it either.
 On the highway, he picked up storytelling right where he'd left off with
 the coral reef.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward got us to Port Angeles in twenty minutes without crashing or even
 having to swerve.
 I didn't hear any sirens, which was good (it hadn't occurred to me to ask
 whether his policy was to stop for cops or to simply 
\emph on
outrace
\emph default
 them) and he found a parking space immediately, possibly with the help
 of mindreading.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The restaurant was an intimate, warmly decorated establishment.
 Awnings sheltered the interior from what little sunlight filtered through
 the clouds, and it was mostly illuminated by candles.
 I wondered if this was the nicest Italian place in town or just the one
 Edward most wanted to take me to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We received our menus after we'd sat down at our little table in the back
 corner.
 I scanned it, trying to pick two things -- I eventually decided on a pasta
 primavera entrée and minestrone soup.
 I thought I could probably finish the whole bowl of soup and a third of
 the pasta, which would have to do for alleviating odd looks.
 Edward received my whispered ordering instruction with a nod, and faithfully
 reported my soup request as though it were his own when the waiter wandered
 by.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My bread basket and glasses of water for each of us arrived promptly, and
 I took a sip from mine.
 Then I glanced around the restaurant; it wasn't very crowded.
 “I know you don't like food,” I murmured to Edward, “but what about drinks
 -- water?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He blinked.
 “You know, it never occurred to me to try drinking water?” he said wryly.
 He picked up his glass and took a swallow, then set it down again, smacking
 his lips thoughtfully.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Verdict?” I asked.
 “You know your usual diet is ninety-five percent water.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Somewhat warmer water,” said Edward, a little absently, looking at the
 glass.
 “It doesn't taste like anything.
 It doesn't seem to affect my thirst either way.
 I suppose it'd contribute to the disguise if we were seen drinking water
 occasionally.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Considerably,” I speculated.
 “It never occurred to any of you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sure at least one of ‘us’ in 
\emph on
general
\emph default
 tried it at one time,” he said, avoiding the word “vampire” -- either he'd
 noticed someone listening, or thought there might be a spectator with my
 same mental opacity.
 “I don't know about my family, but I doubt it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huh.” I wondered what other things they'd simply not tried.
 “Do you want to taste the broth of my soup?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, the soup is for you,” he said.
 “If it seems appropriate to try more liquids I can do it without helping
 myself to your lunch.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I shrugged and took a roll, which I buttered.
 “Tell me what happened after you found the shark,” I said encouragingly,
 trying to get him to pick up his story where he'd been at the end of the
 drive.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't think I've talked too much about myself for an entire year?”
 he asked wryly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's interesting,” I said.
 “You've got fewer constraints and more time than\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 than most people, and
 you use it well.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” said Edward, “why don't you tell me what you would want to do with
 all that time and without all those constraints?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I bit into my roll.
 “Why don't you want me to have that?” I asked quietly, after I swallowed
 it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked pained.
 “This is a bad place, I think,” he said.
 “I'm -- I'm trying not to keep secrets.
 But this is a bad place.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It really was, I supposed.
 “In the car, then,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All right,” Edward replied, softly.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
