#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{25}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Luminosity.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Linux Libertine Mono O
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Little Witch
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I read Elspeth's mind before Edward did.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This was mostly a coincidence: he was on an errand in town with Jasper at
 the time, out of range.
 They were trying to find a purveyor of forged documents so that Elspeth
 could be freely moved about the globe.
 Edward had to be along to help find such a person -- existing contacts
 in Norway were thin on the ground.
 Jasper was there because his preferred method of handling such business
 relationships involved the application of artificial fear to discourage
 excessive inquisitiveness.
 I didn't care for that part, but I had other things on my mind and was
 still vaguely avoiding Jasper.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Meanwhile, Alice and I were having a photo shoot, taking pictures of Elspeth
 in different outfits against assorted backdrops so that when Renée could
 begin to see baby pictures, they'd seem to cover a couple of years of first-tim
e-parent scrapbooking, not the few months it'd take her to rocket through
 infancy and toddlerhood.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Um,” said Elspeth, which was the sound she usually made when considering
 whether a proferred food item was acceptable to her.
 I'd been drawing on my residual knowledge of cooking to keep her fed; there
 was no real kitchen in the cottage, just an old fashioned fireplace with
 a pot hanging in it, so I did all the cooking in the main house and brought
 the food out to her.
 (Gianna had woken from her coma and I didn't particularly want Elspeth
 listening to her screams.) Elspeth did not much care for food -- that, or
 my cooking was just not as good now that I found none of the ingredients
 appealing and could scarcely remember any part of the skill.
 Still, she would reluctantly eat copious amounts of things that passed
 muster once we'd coaxed her into trying them; she needed the fuel to grow
 as fast as she did.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are you hungry, Elspeth?” I asked her, swapping her sweater for a silly
 ruffled dress that Alice had bought her.
 We were taking most of our pictures indoors or against the backdrop of
 the plain sky, so the season wouldn't be readily detectable, and Alice
 -- who I'd given relatively free rein with the just-for-show outfits --
 had selected items for all weathers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Um,” said Elspeth again, and she placed her hand on my cheek.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The feeling was like running through a memory in chronological order, but
 it wasn't 
\emph on
my
\emph default
 memory.
 Too fuzzy to be post-turning, too complete to be pre-, and too painless
 to be from the middle of the process.
 Also, I was 
\emph on
in
\emph default
 the memory -- my face, as it looked to those around me.
 After a moment, I realized: though I had no idea how or why, Elspeth was
 showing me her perspective on her own birth.
 The visuals were all there, although they didn't interfere with my real
 vision.
 It didn't come with sound or any other sensory tracks.
 There was just the picture of me leaning in and then Elspeth's vision wheeling
 to show the rest of the room.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then the picture focused in on the blood from Gianna's cut.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Um
\emph on
mmmm
\emph default
,” elaborated Elspeth, putting her hand down.
 
\emph on
That
\emph default
 was the sound she made when she had tasted a food and it appealed to her.
 As much as 
\emph on
food
\emph default
 food ever did, anyway.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth,” I said, “in our family, we do not drink human blood.
 The rest of us have to drink animal blood, but you don't have to do that.
 You can eat regular food.” I didn't talk baby-talk to her; it wouldn't do
 any good to get used to that when we expected complete sentences back in
 just a few days.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's going on?” asked Alice, sounding lost and holding a flowery hat.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We've got ourselves a little witch,” I said, tickling my daughter and smiling.
 “A little witch who thirsts for human blood, but we will not be encouraging
 bad habits, no we will 
\emph on
not
\emph default
.” Elspeth giggled, apparently in spite of herself.
 Then she made a remarkably mature sort of face, one that would have looked
 like a disappointed authority figure on anyone but my two-day-old child.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What'd she do? Is she telepathic?” asked Alice.
 “You acted like she'd asked you for something.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sort of.
 It was all visuals, no sound, no words -- her own memory,” I said.
 “But I definitely had the impression that when she remembered the bit about
 Gianna's blood, she wasn't asking after her auntie's welfare.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice chuckled.
 “Can I see if she'll show me something?” she asked, holding her arms out.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I gave her Elspeth, who didn't appear to know what she was meant to do.
 Eventually Alice took her hand and laid it against her cheek, the way Elspeth
 had done of her own accord when trying to communicate with me.
 “Ooh,” said Elspeth, apparently comprehending, and Alice's eyelids fluttered
 while she processed the offered memory.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So now you have three sources of vision,” I said.
 “How's that working out for you?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Just a bit dizzying,” murmured Alice.
 “She's very insistent on the blood thing.
 Maybe she thinks I'll give it to her if you won't.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ah, no you don't, Elsie,” I said, retrieving her -- and the intended hat
 -- from Alice.
 “There will be no begging favors from others if you get a no from me.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Pah,” said Elspeth, disgruntled, and she tried to pull the hat away from
 me, but I got it onto her head and arranged her in a photogenic pose so
 Alice could snap the picture.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When Edward got home, not long after the photos for the day had all been
 taken, he noticed Elspeth's “voice” at once.
 He leapt into the cottage with a grin on his face that momentarily disrupted
 my ability to think, plucked Elspeth from her perch on the chair we'd last
 posed her in, and spun around once, holding her at arm's length.
 Alice slipped out to give us family time.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ee!” was her pleased response to this treatment, and when he brought her
 in closer, she planted her hand on 
\emph on
his
\emph default
 cheek, too, so before I could explain what was happening he was also the
 recipient of a memory.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked much less surprised than Alice had been, or me -- either Alice
 had been thinking about it or Elspeth had, coherently enough that he'd
 expected it.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's she showing you?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The last time she saw me,” he murmured.
 “She recognizes me.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Lucky you,” I laughed.
 “She was begging me and Alice for blood, earlier.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's face changed, a moment after I said the word “blood”.
 “Oh, that does seem...
 hm.” He blinked.
 “If she dislikes human food 
\emph on
that
\emph default
 much...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's two days old,” I said.
 “This is, for her, old enough to express a preference.
 Doesn't mean she's also old enough to be given charge of her own diet.
 If she wants to hunt animals for herself when she's old enough to do that,
 I'm not going to stop her.
 That'd be kind of hypocritical.
 But let's not rule out the possibility that she's just being a baby and
 has yet to develop a taste for what she's offered.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I suppose,” he said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Um
\emph on
mmm
\emph default
,” said Elspeth insistently, patting his cheek.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's mashed potatoes,” I said, gesturing at the fridge we'd moved into
 the house to store Elspeth's food.
 I had cooked for the day in the early morning, before she woke up, so during
 her active period I wouldn't be distracted by putting together the meals.
 “She hasn't tried those yet.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward dutifully retrieved the tub of mashed potatoes, warmed them up in
 the microwave that had also been added to our dwelling, and offered Elspeth
 a forkful.
 She frowned at the starchy item, but disdainfully parted her lips and consented
 to taste it.
 Instead of making either of her typical noises, she placed her hand on
 Edward's cheek.
 He gave her another bite of the food.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She approves?” I inquired, going to stand near them.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He nodded.
 “As much as she does of anything she's tried.
 I'm getting that as much from my talent as hers, though.
 It's a little tricky to decipher what she wants from the images alone.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She doesn't have a lot to work with, if all she's doing is transmitting
 her own memories.
 But maybe she'll grow into more versatility,” I speculated.
 “Interesting that she should be sticking to visuals while you work with
 an auditory channel...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can see images from other peoples' minds,” he said, “it just feels like
 I'm hearing them.
 Almost like synaesthesia.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But I didn't feel like I was hearing Elspeth's memory.” She was wolfing
 down potatoes, barely chewing them -- she'd seemed to have a preference
 for softer foods, despite her vampire-piercing set of chompers.
 Possibly because she could swallow it faster and get the chore of eating
 over with.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe if you were aware of your shield, it would look visible to you,”
 Edward said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How heritable is witchcraft, anyway?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Where there's data, it suggests that it does run in families...
 but it's skewed,” Edward said.
 “For instance, Alec and Jane are biological twins and powerful witches,
 but if only one of them had had a talent, it's unlikely we'd ever have
 heard about the other.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “But you said Charlie's thoughts are indistinct to you.
 That's sort of related to what I do.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It is.
 And Aro's sister was a witch, after she turned -- according to Marcus's
 memories, he turned her on the suspicion that Didyme's talent would be
 as useful as his own.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth finished the potatoes, having swallowed them nearly as fast as Edward
 could bring the fork to her mouth.
 Her quick metabolism was already burning them for fuel; there was no visible
 protrusion in her belly.
 “What did Didyme do?” I asked Edward, plucking her from his arms selfishly
 to cradle her.
 He looked at the pair of us with a pleased gleam in his eye.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She had an aura of happiness,” he said, plainly not thinking very hard
 about the topic of conversation as he reached out to stroke Elspeth's cheek.
 “Couldn't turn it off, couldn't direct it, couldn't do anything with it
 but project it everywhere she went.
 She had a lot of admirers, actually, but Marcus was the only one whose
 interest she returned.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That sounds pleasant, I suppose, but not that useful by Volturi standards,”
 I mused.
 “How'd Aro react to that?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I haven't heard Marcus dwelling on it, and as I said, I've never caught
 Aro thinking of her,” said Edward, still distracted by our baby's smile.
 Elspeth blinked at him with her mesmerizingly brown eyes.
 “She's so beautiful,” he murmured.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I handed her back to him.
 “One of these days I'm going to stop thinking I'm the center of the universe,”
 I teased.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That broke his stare; his eyes flicked up to meet mine.
 “She's half you,” he said.
 “With your eyes -- your old eyes.
 Can you blame me?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not a bit.
 I'm awfully pleased with her too, you know.
 Just -- you take very readily to fatherhood,” I said.
 “I knew it appealed to you, but watching it happen is something new to
 integrate into how I think of you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He leaned over and kissed me, then returned to staring at Elspeth.
 She stared back, obligingly enough.
 I chuckled, then asked, “How did the errand go?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well enough,” he said.
 “We found a fellow in Oslo, and got Norwegian papers claiming that Elspeth
 is a year old.
 There are more on order, which will be finished in a few weeks, claiming
 two, three, five, seven, ten, thirteen, and sixteen, on the theory that
 this will cover enough ages to get along with during the time we're likely
 to spend here.
 That being limited by Carlisle's ability to pass for his supposed age at
 work, of course.
 Jasper's competent to add home-taken photographs as she approaches those
 apparent ages.
 He was working on the one-year-old version when I left him.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth could probably pass for a smallish one-year-old already.
 She was roughly baby-
\emph on
sized
\emph default
, but slimmer, more alert, and toothier than any brand-new human in the
 world.
 If I had to explain her tininess to someone confused about her claimed
 yearling status, I supposed it wouldn't even be a lie to claim that she
 was born prematurely.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I feel like she ought to be getting some social interaction with people
 outside the family, at least once she's talking,” I said.
 “But it's not safe to give her any real continuity, is it? Someone would
 notice.
 She'd either like the people she met and miss them, or not like them and
 not get much out of having met them.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's a big family, love,” he pointed out.
 “Especially if Maggie and Gianna -- and Ilario -- stay.
 It might do for the time being.” Ilario's original plan to go with his sister
 and live near Rome was not meshing well with Maggie's affection for Ireland.
 There had been other topics looming larger in their minds, of late, but
 there had still been occasional spats about it.
 I expected Gianna to be made tiebreaker or the engineer of compromise once
 she woke up, and it might be that she'd split the difference by announcing
 that she wanted to remain in Norway.
 They weren't at all unwelcome, although it would make our group kind of
 unwieldy.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I kind of wanted to invite Charlie over, but even Edward didn't know that
 he was in on the masquerade.
 Charlie had been sort of passive-aggressive about this in his various e-mails,
 lamenting that he didn't get to hold his new granddaughter.
 I might need to find an excuse to bring her 
\emph on
there
\emph default
, in spite of my prior resolution not to run to La Push at the drop of a
 hat anymore.
 Maybe she could make friends with Cody, too, and have a peer of her own
 species.
 I didn't really want to take her to Chile to meet Nahuel.
 He was nice enough, but as far as I knew he had no plans to permanently
 abandon his preferred diet, and that wasn't the sort of influence I hoped
 to bring into her life.
 I didn't want anyone in Elspeth's life to normalize murder in her hearing
 until she had something resembling critical thinking faculties.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth put her hand on Edward's cheek again.
 “She wants you to read to her,” he announced.
 “Interesting...
 it was an image of when you read to her last night before she went to sleep,
 but there was a feeling attached to it, not just the picture.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
That's
\emph default
 a request I'm perfectly happy to oblige,” I said, and I plucked the top
 book off the stack of reading material I'd raided from Carlisle's library,
 accepted Elspeth from Edward's arms, and began to read.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The subsequent morning, in the wee hours when Elspeth was still asleep,
 I went up to the main house to whip up a few more batches of miscellaneous
 food.
 I could hear Gianna from a mile away.
 I could hear Maggie too, singing brokenly, trying to soothe the unsoothable,
 but Gianna was far louder.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tried to ignore it, just focused on the oats I was boiling and the chicken
 I was trying to overcook until it would be soft enough to suit Elspeth,
 but Gianna was hard to hedge out.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was halfway through stirring syrup into the oatmeal when she abandoned
 wordless screaming for some very underhanded 
\emph on
wordy
\emph default
 screaming.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you love me,” I heard Gianna cry, her voice already taking on the glassy
 quality of a vampire's.
 “Please, please, if you ever loved me.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Baby,” whispered Maggie, breaking off the song.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It hurts, it hurts,” sobbed Gianna.
 Her spine -- which Carlisle had broken as soon as she came out of the coma
 -- had healed hours ago.
 “If you love me you'll make it stop.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That was low, really.
 I'd begged to die too, but I hadn't impugned the quality of Edward's love
 when he'd refused.
 Maggie whined, deep in her throat.
 “It's mostly over,” she said, frantic.
 I could hear Gianna thrashing around, Maggie trying to find purchase and
 hold her.
 Was Ilario even in the room, or had he left, unable to tolerate the spectacle?
 “Baby, you're almost done, I promise, I promise
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Make it stop,” Gianna begged.
 “I never asked you for anything -- anything -- this is the one thing I
 want -- if you love me
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie sounded like she was trying to cry, but she couldn't, of course.
 “I love you.
 I love you so much, my Gianna, and I can't kill you, I could never, I wish
 I could make the hurting stop right now any other way but I can't, baby,
 but I love you, please, you have to know that.
 It's almost over.” Then, a quaver in her voice that I barely detected, she
 sang again, and Gianna gave up on arguing and just howled.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I gritted my teeth a little.
 The screaming was bad enough, but I also knew what it signified, and that
 was worse.
 It was all well and good to know that Gianna would wake up a glorious immortal
 and return in joy every moment of misery she was causing Maggie now, and
 get back every one she was enduring by fire herself.
 She was still suffering.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I packed up the sweetened oatmeal.
 Gianna was hyperventilating.
 I pulled the chicken out of the oven, and replaced it with a pan of assorted
 vegetables to roast.
 Gianna started repeating Maggie's name, over and over and over, too fast
 and desperate and strung together to sound like she even intended to start
 a complete sentence.
 Maggie was too distraught by this to go on with her song, and she interrupted
 it again, repeating Gianna's name in turn.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I couldn't turn off my ears; if I was going to be in the house, there were
 no earmuffs in the world fluffy enough to prevent me from hearing everything
 they said.
 I busied myself with the transfer of the chicken from its roasting pan
 to a more portable container, trying to ignore the strangely intimate exchange
 of pain upstairs.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” said Gianna's voice, suddenly, interrupting the litany of “Maggie,
 Maggie, Maggie”.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huh?” murmured Maggie.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What?” I said.
 They'd hear me as well as I'd hear them, at this point -- the remaining
 enhancements Gianna would get to her hearing weren't so great that she
 couldn't already hear me from a flight of stairs away.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, 
\emph on
no
\emph default
,” Maggie pleaded.
 “Baby, don't do this to me, please
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” choked Gianna.
 “I helped you.
 
\emph on
Help me
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I won't kill you,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Baby, please stop,” Maggie begged.
 “Ilario said no and I said no and Bella said no and everyone's going to
 say no, please don't ask, baby, I know you want to live, it's just the
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
I want to die,
\emph default
” Gianna screamed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a silence, a pause, and it occurred to me to wonder how that statement
, so bald and certain, would affect Maggie.
 Not a request or an implication, just a fact.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Spoken to Maggie, who 
\emph on
knew
\emph default
 lies when she heard them...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Gianna wasn't lying
\emph default
 --
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a sound like fingernails on a chalkboard and Gianna's breath caught
 and I was up the stairs and through the door without bothering to open
 it.
 I pried Maggie off of Gianna, breaking the redhead's wrist in my haste
 with an unrestrained application of newborn strength.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I seemed to have been just barely in time.
 There were cracks running along the surface of Gianna's skin, where Maggie
 had squeezed her, but she was basically intact, still breathing, her heart
 still forcing envenomed blood through her veins.
 Maggie let out an incoherent sob but didn't try to fight me; it had been
 a moment of weakness against her mate's demands, then, not a concerted
 change of opinion.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The cracks knitted; Maggie's wrist healed.
 “Should've let her,” gasped Gianna.
 “Please.
 Please.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maggie, do you need to be somewhere else?” I asked.
 Gianna didn't have the power to hurt herself; she'd be fine left alone,
 physically, and the emotional succor Maggie had to provide was clearly
 not going to do her any good.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't, I can't, I can't, I hurt her, oh God, I didn't want to hurt her,
 I 
\emph on
can't
\emph default
,” Maggie wailed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maggie,” whispered Gianna, but the named vampire shut her eyes tightly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” Maggie told me.
 I picked her up and carried her out of the house, away from the screaming.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't worry about the vegetables in the oven.
 If they were going to catch the house on fire, Alice would see in plenty
 of time.
 Maggie didn't try to get me to set her down, she just curled up inwards
 on herself and made keening noises.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I put her on the edge of a fjord, and she sat, mostly upright, hugging her
 knees and burying her face.
 “Thank you,” she murmured.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're welcome,” I said, although the stock response seemed inadequate
 to the situation.
 “Are...
 you...
 okay?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ilario is better than me,” Maggie said in a monotone, unlike her usual
 lively voice.
 “He wasn't sure of himself, so he left, that was better for her, not so
 risky, I wasn't sure and I stayed because I wanted her to need me but she
 doesn't, she needs anybody 
\emph on
but
\emph default
 me, I was weak, I hurt her, I knew it could happen, it happened before...”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Before, it was a series of accidents,” I said.
 “After, a response to a sincere request -- albeit a request you should
 have seen coming.
 It's not like your ultimate plan was ever to cause her harm.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't ask to die, when I was turning,” Maggie murmured.
 “I asked if it would be over and she said yes and I believed her because
 it was true.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's not just a matter of believing it,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie clenched her hands in the fabric of her pants.
 The denim strained, but she didn't tear it.
 “If I leave now,” she said, “if she never sees me once after she's done,
 do you think she has a chance to find somebody better than me one day?
 Who wouldn't have t-t-tried to
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I'd never heard a vampire stutter before.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have no idea,” I said.
 “And even if she could, it might take long enough that Alice couldn't see
 it.
 You couldn't be sure.” I didn't have the details of how Sue had felt about
 Harry between his turning and hers except the obvious behavioral evidence.
 Let alone how she'd have fared if he'd died while she was mid-change, and
 that was the nearest template I could have extrapolated from.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What if I died? Would that do it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know,” I said.
 “Besides, how would you manage it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ilario,” she said.
 “I could find him and tell him what happened and I could just not fight
 back...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And then what if it doesn't work and she wakes up and she's in Irina's
 position from the get-go because you've gone and gotten yourself killed
 trying to free her up for somebody `better'?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're right,” Maggie mumbled.
 “But she deserves better.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She'll forgive you,” I said.
 “She can't not.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know, and that makes it worse.
 If I hurt her before she could have sent me away and protected herself
 and now she won't even be able to do that, at least if I see her, and who
 am I kidding, I can't stay away forever if I'm alive, I'm not that 
\emph on
strong
\emph default
, if I were then I could be with her 
\emph on
now
\emph default
...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Once she's a vampire it's unlikely you'll be in a position to hurt her,”
 I pointed out.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That doesn't mean I never did,” Maggie said.
 “I 
\emph on
did
\emph default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you need me to stay here with you to keep you from doing something stupid
 like provoking Ilario?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” said Maggie.
 “I'll just...
 wait here, I guess.
 Will you ask someone to stay with Gianna, please? She shouldn't have to
 be alone.
 It doesn't have to be you, you've got a baby to take care of -- maybe Jasper,
 if he can help her at all with his power, but he probably can't, it's not
 that strong -- Esme?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll find Esme and ask her,” I agreed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you,” Maggie murmured, and I gave her a useless pat on the head and
 left her at the edge of the fjord.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I stopped at the house, turned the oven off, and went looking for Esme.
 I found her in the garage, chatting with Rosalie while the latter tinkered
 with the engine in a giant red car that I figured probably belonged to
 Emmett.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hello, Bella,” Esme said warmly when I let myself into the building.
 Rosalie lifted a greasy hand from the car parts to wave at me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi,” I said.
 “Esme, Maggie can't stand to be around Gianna anymore, and Ilario left
 just a few hours after she regained consciousness.
 But Maggie doesn't want her to be alone and asked me to ask you to stay
 with her for the last few hours.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course, Bella,” said Esme.
 There was no possible universe in which Esme would refuse a request like
 that; she was just the sort of creature that went about comforting the
 distressed, and didn't resent her nature, either.
 She patted Rosalie's hair -- braided into a blond pile on her head to keep
 it out of the way -- and flitted past me to go to Gianna.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded to Rosalie and turned to go, having nothing in particular left
 to say, but she stopped me -- “Bella.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What?” I asked, turning back.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you think -- not today, maybe not this week, but soon -- do you think
 I could babysit Elspeth?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked.
 I was used to the idea that Rosalie was thrilled to be involved in Elspeth's
 creation and birth, and that had been helpful.
 I was a little puzzled by the offer -- or rather, the request -- to be
 involved in her care.
 “We don't have a lot of other pressing obligations...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I understand.
 I...
 know you don't 
\emph on
need
\emph default
 me to do anything,” said Rosalie, pursing her lips.
 “She sleeps and you don't, we aren't any of us going to school this year,
 there's not much going on in general except Gianna's turning, etcetera
 -- but if you ever wanted to go travel with Edward for a while again, just
 the two of you, I would be 
\emph on
happy
\emph default
 to look after her.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I considered the offer.
 Elspeth was growing fast, so outrageously fast -- every moment I had with
 her was precious, even more than if she'd been human.
 Yet I had no grounds to confine that argument to myself and not extend
 it to her other relatives.
 Rosalie only had so many days to play with Elspeth-the-baby, too.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Also, this would give me cover if I needed to go abroad again: I'd “let”
 Rosalie hang onto Elspeth while Edward and I “got some time to ourselves”.
 I 
\emph on
hoped
\emph default
 that I wouldn't need to make another significant trip again, but it wasn't
 out of the question.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll keep that in mind,” I said.
 “Thank you.
 You know, you could come with Alice to the photo shoot in a couple hours
 -- we should really have more pictures with everybody in the family, not
 just me and Edward and Alice.
 Just because I don't want her around the main house until Gianna's up and
 about and not so shouty doesn't mean everybody else has to be left out.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I will,” Rosalie said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I smiled at her, then went back to the main house to fetch the roasted vegetable
s and purée some fruit into a smoothie for Elspeth.
 Then I started poaching some eggs.
 Nice, balanced diet.
 Esme was already doing her best to calm Gianna, who found her suicide-by-vampir
e tactics far less effective against non-Maggie individuals.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I brought all the food to the cottage, fridged it, and went into the spare
 room that held Elspeth's bed.
 Edward was watching her sleep, unwilling to leave her unsupervised for
 even a moment, but on this night he was holding her hand, pressing it to
 his face, and had his eyes closed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, you have to see this,” he murmured, very softly, so as not to wake
 her.
 He motioned me closer with his free hand and put Elspeth's palm against
 my cheek.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could see her 
\emph on
dreams
\emph default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I gasped involuntarily, not enough to wake her, as “remembered” colors and
 forms and faces floated across my mind.
 Peaceful, mostly meaningless, mesmerizingly lovely.
 Edward's face and mine were the most prominent in the dream, but everyone
 else she'd ever met made at least one appearance.
 Even Gianna, sedated and inattentive, as Elspeth had last seen her, was
 featured once.
 Between faces, random hues faded into each other, spun into and out of
 arbitrary shapes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's amazing,” I whispered to Edward, and he grinned at me, then went around
 to the other side of her bed to try the other hand.
 This worked well enough.
 We held still, absorbed in Elspeth's dreams, until dawn started poking
 through the window and she woke up with a comical yawn.
 She noticed us leaned over her and, before reasserting control over her
 hands, she pushed at us the image of ourselves, with a little smugness
 attached.
 I imagined her saying, 
\emph on
Ah, attention, just the way I like it.

\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you think it'll delay her talking, that she can do this?” I asked, picking
 up Elspeth to get her fed promptly.
 She did as much growing in her sleep as she did during the day and consistently
 woke up hungry.
 “Oatmeal, in the fridge.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward microwaved the food and I grabbed a spoon.
 “It could, but I doubt it'll slow her down by 
\emph on
much
\emph default
.
 She seems to mostly understand us, anyway, and we can always ask her to
 start using words if it becomes an issue.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth reached out her hand to me and I bent my head to “listen
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

: she showed me the picture of Gianna's blood, again.
 “No, no blood,” I said.
 “Breakfast today is oatmeal.
 You haven't had it before.
 You might like it.” I stood back up while Elspeth made a pouty face at me.
 “You'll look out for whether she's actually not feeling well as opposed
 to just wanting it for the taste, right? It's not 
\emph on
impossible
\emph default
 that her dietary needs are different when she's growing than they will
 be when she's an adult, but she's seemed healthy, just petulant.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All I'm getting is the petulance part,” he assured me.
 He took the oatmeal out of the microwave, and Elspeth huffed a small sigh
 as its non-blood smell steamed through the room.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Speaking of what you pick up on,” I said, giving the oatmeal a stir, “why
 were you so enthralled by her dreams? They were new to me, of course, but
 wouldn't you have been able to hear them regardless without her projecting
 them to you?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Actually, I can't hear dreams,” he replied.
 “They either don't count as `surface thoughts', my theory, or they're too
 different from any mental activity 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 can do since I don't sleep, which is Alice's hypothesis.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Does Eleazar have an opinion?” I asked, scooping up a taste of oatmeal
 to offer Elspeth and listening to her hum to herself as she contemplated
 its flavor.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Never occurred to me to inquire,” Edward replied.
 “At any rate, dreams are supposedly hard enough to remember while still
 human -- I have no recollection of the process at all, myself -- so it
 was very novel to be able to see Elspeth's.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“From what I wrote down, most dreams are much more complicated than that
 -- although probably not in anything resembling Elspeth's age range.
 How did you get the idea?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She was making sounds in her sleep -- not talking, but it was close enough
 to the way you used to mumble to yourself,” he said.
 “And it seemed worth a try.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Um
\emph on
mmm,
\emph default
” sighed Elspeth, and I gave her more oatmeal.
 She consumed it with a despondent and long-suffering expression.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie arrived to the photo festival as promised; the grease was washed
 from her hands and her hair was down again.
 Emmett came too; Elspeth, who had plenty of motor control, clung to his
 head like it was a crows' nest in one picture.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The look on Rosalie's face, when she had her turn to hold Elspeth and pose,
 was glowing, proud, a heart-piercing smile -- with a twinge of sorrow.
 She was either trying to forget that Elspeth wasn't her own baby, and not
 quite succeeding, or she was reveling in aunthood and distracted by something
 else, related or unrelated.
 I glanced at Edward, looking for cues; he was calm, so I didn't worry about
 it.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice got a few shots of Rosalie holding a parka-clad Elspeth, and then
 directed the costume change and the handoff.
 When the baby had left her arms, Rosalie's face assumed its default expression:
 lofty, neutral, introspective.
 Rosalie's expression normally said, 
\emph on
you'll have to do better than that to get my attention
\emph default
.
 That might have been what made her happiness so arresting when she displayed
 it, come to think of it.
 I was looking at her while I thought of this, and noticed a quiver of her
 eybrows -- very subtle.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie wasn't paying attention to me; she was watching Edward pose for
 his pictures with Elspeth.
 I walked into the frame after Alice was satisfied with the batch, and then
 there was a nuclear family shot, and then Edward walked off, Elspeth got
 a new outfit, and I took a picture with her by myself.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was an intricate sequence of tasks, but we all moved quite fast and Elspeth
 was durable enough that we didn't have to dress and re-dress her like she
 was made of soap bubbles.
 (She could certainly be harmed if we were 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 careless, but avoiding it wasn't that hard and didn't slow us down that
 much.) All told the taking of photos was an operation of fifteen minutes.
 Alice danced away when the last snapshot was in her camera, to upload them
 all to her computer, and get versions of them that made me look pink and
 brown-eyed 'shopped for my ignorant family.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie lingered, even as Emmett left.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Do you want to give her her morning snack?” I asked.
 We fed her five times a day, which wouldn't be that strange a feeding schedule
 for a new baby if we weren't giving her giant portions of solid food.
 Although it would be arguably stranger if she was getting a liquid diet,
 because in her case that would take the form of blood.
 “See if she likes eggs?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'd like that,” said Rosalie, lighting up.
 I handed her Elspeth.
 She followed us into the house, and, with Elspeth in one arm, she warmed
 up the eggs.
 Rosalie seemed immensely gratified when they got a positive reception;
 I supposed I should have guessed that eggs would be Elspeth's favorite
 food, given their appeal to Gianna during the pregnancy -- and Sue during
 hers, for that matter.
 It was a small thing, and it made Rosalie immensely happy, so I refused
 to let myself resent the fact that Elspeth's first eggs hadn't come directly
 from my hands or Edward's.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth ate her half a dozen eggs with reserved gusto.
 Part of me wondered where she 
\emph on
put
\emph default
 all her food.
 She was maintaining a high body temperature and growing, so I supposed
 it would make sense that she'd eat like a werewolf (invariably ravenous),
 but the wolves were a whole lot bigger than her.
 After Elspeth was informed that the sixth egg was the last, she promptly
 beamed up at Rosalie and planted her palm on the blonde's cheek.
 “Aww,” said Rosalie, melting.
 “She's so polite.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Has she found a way to say `thank you'?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie nodded, just a little, not dislodging Elspeth's hand.
 “Just replaying what happened, with a feeling attached,” she cooed, rocking
 the baby slightly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had the most peculiar feeling that 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 was somehow being intrusive by hovering over Rosalie while she held 
\emph on
my
\emph default
 daughter.
 I looked over at Edward, who was standing just behind me, a thin frown
 spreading across his face.
 There was no obvious way to demand that Rosalie hand Elspeth back and leave
 without being rude -- and setting a bad example for manners seemed worse
 than just letting Rosalie loiter a bit.
 I put the egg container back in the fridge to keep it out of the way; I'd
 wash it later while something or other was cooking the next morning.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aren't you darling,” cooed Rosalie.
 Elspeth smiled smugly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward said, “Gianna's going to be done turning in less than a minute.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, we should all go look in on her,” I said.
 “Elspeth ought to get properly introduced.
 Gianna did her a very important favor, after all.” I paused.
 “Someone should also let Maggie know.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Rose, would you run and tell Maggie, please?” asked Edward, holding out
 his arms for Elspeth.
 “She's sitting on the edge of the fjord nearest the main house.” Rosalie
 looked regretful, but handed over our daughter and went to inform Maggie.
 Edward and I, Elspeth in tow, made a beeline for the main house; we slowed
 down when we could hear Gianna's last, piercing screeches, waiting for
 them to die down before we brought impressionable ears any nearer.
 (Elspeth's hearing was not as keen as ours and Edward assured me that she
 didn't hear a thing.) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We arrived at the room where everyone was congregating last, just after
 Rosalie and Maggie.
 Gianna was on her feet, gazing out the window, tall and whole and perfect.
 The barest tea tint remained to her skin; she was Ilario's exact match
 in coloration.
 Behind her was everyone else in the coven, Ilario at the front of the group.
 Maggie stood off to one side, cringing in expectation of some terrible
 retaliation for her bad judgment hours earlier.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Gianna?” said Ilario softly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna spun on one foot, took in the assembly of us with one sweep of her
 eyes, and fixed her gaze on Maggie.
 Her newly crimson eyes lit up with pleasure.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well...” said Maggie.
 “Well, look at you, baby.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna flew forward, enveloping Maggie in a hug.
 For the first time I consciously noted how much taller Gianna was than
 her mate.
 Maggie was pretty little, but when I'd compared her to Gianna as a human,
 the known difference in strength was more salient than mismatched stature.
 Maggie squeaked when embraced, and Gianna blinked and released her, having
 made the same mistake I had the first time I tried to hug Edward as a newborn.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Simultaneously, the two of them said, “Forgive me?” Presumably Gianna wanted
 forgiveness for how she'd asked to die, and Maggie wanted it for listening
 to her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It occurred to me that Ilario still didn't know what had happened while
 Gianna was turning, and would have no idea why Maggie would need forgiveness,
 unless he thought it was about her having left Gianna while she turned.
 I supposed if he saw fit to make a fuss about the event at this point,
 if he even learned the information, then Gianna would inevitably make it
 not worth his while to attack Maggie.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna and Maggie grinned at each other, giggling softly over the concurrent
 utterances.
 After a moment, Gianna looked up at the rest of us.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Good morning,” she said.
 Etiquette was silent on the way to greet a group of vampires who were there
 to watch one newly be a vampire.
 “Oh my! Is that Elspeth?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, taking her from Edward and holding her up so Gianna could get
 a better look.
 “Elspeth Annarose Cullen, in the flesh,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, she's so cute,” said Gianna.
 “Hello, Elspeth.
 You've gotten much bigger.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Say hi, Elsie,” I prompted.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth waved at Gianna, smiling toothily, and then stretched out her hand,
 wanting to communicate by memory transfer.
 Cautiously, aware that Gianna 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 still a newborn and that Elspeth's blood, while not very appealing, 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 present, I stepped forward to enable this.
 Gianna looked politely puzzled by the baby's intentions until she had begun
 conveying the desired information.
 “Oh, she knows who I am,” Gianna said, beaming.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's very smart, especially considering she's three days old,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 Elspeth dropped her hand and I re-settled her in my arms.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You should hunt, baby,” Maggie said, wrapping herself around one of Gianna's
 arms.
 “Edward, is the place clear?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He checked, and nodded, and Maggie urged Gianna out a window and into the
 woods.
 Ilario followed them after a moment's deliberation.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm glad that's over with,” I said.
 “Well, Elspeth, do you want to have a look around this house?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth planted her hand on my face and replayed the quick journey in through
 the front door and up the stairs that she'd already undertaken, with an
 attached feeling of incompleteness and curiosity.
 “I'll take that as a yes,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That was my last peaceful day.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
