#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{26}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Luminosity.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Linux Libertine Mono O
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Scatter
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The phone call came the next morning.
 I was with the whole family, posing Elspeth for more pictures against the
 backdrops available in the main house.
 While Esme took her turn I picked up the phone unthinkingly, and froze
 when I saw the identity of my caller.
 Before I could invent an excuse to take the call privately, Jasper had
 seen the name.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Jacob Black,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 snarled Jasper.
 Would he know the name? The surname certainly, but -- I remembered a snippet
 of a paragraph from my notes, read and attached to memories early in my
 second life.
 Jasper had answered the phone first when I'd called Edward to tell him
 that Jacob was at Charlie's house on Valentine's Day.
 He'd have been near enough to hear the entire conversation.
 He would know who Jacob was -- Billy's son.
 A Quileute.
 He'd know enough to be furious that I was in secret contact with him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's head snapped up and he was across the room in a moment to interpose
 himself between me and Jasper.
 The phone rang again, and everyone else was holding still, waiting to see
 what was going on.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If Jacob was 
\emph on
calling
\emph default
 me -- not texting, not relaying a message through Rachel, not sending an
 e-mail -- then it was 
\emph on
urgent
\emph default
.
 He would know as well as Rachel or Leah the protocols for getting ahold
 of me.
 Or at least it had 
\emph on
better
\emph default
 be urgent, because if it wasn't, I was going to 
\emph on
kill
\emph default
 him.
 I flipped the phone open, trusting Edward and Alice to keep Jasper under
 control while I dealt with the emergency.
 “
\emph on
What
\emph default
?” I snapped.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” said Jacob, “you know that bloodsucker Becky's gang killed a while
 back? His mate was here sniffing around, and we couldn't catch her when
 we found her -- she went into the water and we lost the trail.
 And she 
\emph on
snitched
\emph default
 on us to the Volturi and now there are some scary damn leeches who've got
 near everybody lying on the ground blind and deaf and sorta paralyzed.
 I peeled off my own pack, same way Becky did, and was able to get everybody
 with an imprint to follow me and they didn't knock me out, somehow.
 Nobody else managed to get away and we had to leave them.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Where are you?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We're making a run for it, eastward -- we've got Cody too.
 Harry and Sue were going to try to save their other kids last I saw.
 We couldn't stop to get your dad, he's still in Forks -- mine's still in
 La Push.
 Everybody just grabbed their imprints and we're on the run.
 Lucky they were all around and nobody tried to go for the Makah rez because
 that would've been suicide.
 We need backup right the hell 
\emph on
now
\emph default
.
 The leeches were talking about doing experiments on the pack so they're
 not killing them right away but I don't want to count on that for long.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A young-looking boy, dark blond hair...?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's one of 'em, yeah, and a girl who could be his twin sister and a couple
 of big skeeters, seem to take orders from the girl,” Jacob said.
 I could hear wind rushing past; he was probably riding one of the escaped
 wolves, only in his own human form so as to be able to talk to me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You got away when you split off your own pack?” I said, uncomfortably aware
 of the fact that everybody in the room was staring at me.
 “When the boy -- he's Alec -- when he knocked out one from a pack did it
 carry over to everybody?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think so -- it looked like Nina went first, only she was screaming, not
 just collapsing, I think that might have been the girl and not the boy
 because she had this sadistic grin on her face.
 And then Becky's whole pack was down howling bloody murder, and then Rachel
 got too close to `Alec' and we were out too, but I broke off.
 Raych gave me an excuse, she Alpha-voiced me so I'd have something to disobey.
 And it was like all the guys with imprints had enough motivation or something
 to get gone with me and nobody else did.
 I guess once we were up, we were out of there too fast for the leeches
 to catch us.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I ground my teeth.
 It sounded like both Jane and Alec could echo their powers through an entire
 pack via telepathic relay, and only Jacob's split had let anyone get away
 at all.
 “I'll do what I can.
 Will you be able to answer this phone if I call you later?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll give it to Kim to hold,” he said, naming one of the imprints.
 “You'll get her if you call again.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Anything else I've got to know?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Last I saw everybody was in that big field a ways up from the ravine,”
 he said.
 “One of the big bloodsuckers was baiting us, weaving in and out of the
 rez, trying to get us all in one place to attack him as a group, and damned
 if it didn't work.
 I don't know if they'd be able to move all those wolves or not, but that'd
 be the first place I'd check.
 Also don't know if we're being chased now, but have to guess so.
 Handing the phone to Kim now.
 I'm slowing down Jared too much.” Jared was the wolf who'd imprinted on
 Kim.
 I heard the sound of Jacob giving away the phone and leaping off Jared's
 back, phasing midair.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella?” said a girl, presumably Kim.
 She was quavery.
 “Are you going to be able to help us?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll do what I can,” I promised.
 “I'm in trouble too, though, if they've got captives -- even if they don't
 say anything in spite of Jane, Aro could show up at any time and he'll
 get any information he wants.
 Probably I could not be more on their hit list than I already am now, even
 if I'd killed Aro's wife.
 But I'll do what I can.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” said Kim in a small voice.
 I snapped the phone shut.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Everybody was still staring at me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had missed a gaping, 
\emph on
obvious
\emph default
 security flaw.
 Of 
\emph on
course
\emph default
 Irina wouldn't try to personally destroy thirty-one wolves even if she
 found out that they were responsible for Laurent's death.
 
\emph on
Of course
\emph default
 she was not that stupid.
 Even if she were 
\emph on
suicidal
\emph default
, revenge would take priority over getting herself dead in a hurry, and
 the way you kill someone more powerful than you is to get someone more
 powerful than 
\emph on
them
\emph default
 aboard.
 
\emph on
I'd done it myself
\emph default
 -- I'd brought James straight into the Volturi's lair when I'd needed him
 dead and didn't have the power to kill him -- 
\emph on
why
\emph default
 hadn't I expected the same of Irina? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And now all hell had broken loose, and several of my most necessary allies
 were looking like they'd never forgive me for unleashing it.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was expecting an infuriated accusation from Jasper, but it was actually
 Carlisle who recovered the ability to speak first.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” he said, every inch the gravely disappointed father figure, “what
 have you done?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That broke the silence; suddenly everyone was yammering to everyone else.
 Esme, still holding Elspeth, brought Ilario, Gianna, and Maggie up to speed
 on the werewolf matter.
 Edward's rapidity of speech was overtaxed as he defended me from simultaneous
 accusations from Jasper, Rosalie, and Emmett.
 Alice tried to see something and then clutched her head and squeaked, which
 distracted Jasper, but only made him angrier at me when she whispered that
 everything was in shadow.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted to hide.
 I wanted to run to my fairytale cottage and be with the smaller, less difficult
 part of my family.
 Edward was busy.
 I thought of asking Esme for Elspeth, but in the current climate of the
 house, there was no safer place for a baby than Esme's arms -- no one would
 attack Esme, Esme would not attack anyone.
 Me, on the other hand -- I might be less safe.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You woke up the 
\emph on
dogs
\emph default
?” Rosalie was shrieking.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You knew who had killed Laurent, and you said nothing?” Carlisle asked.
 He wasn't shouting, just exuding dismay.
 How had he made the connection between what Jacob had said and Laurent's
 death? Some contact I wasn't aware of between him and Irina or other Denalis?
 Didn't matter.
 I wasn't getting out of this room without telling them all everything anyway.
 This was not the time to figure out what secrets I could and couldn't salvage.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“When did you even find the time to
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Emmett began, and then he looked at Edward, who stared him down.
 “Ed, did you 
\emph on
know
\emph default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jasper wasn't talking.
 He was hissing, curled protectively around Alice as though he thought I'd
 attack her.
 She'd quit yelping, having stopped trying to use her vision, but she wasn't
 making any move to calm down her husband -- she was just staring at me,
 uncomprehending.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme, to her eternal credit, was trying to soothe Elspeth in between catching
 up the three who were not aware of the full Cullen family history.
 Elspeth wasn't crying, but she was clearly bewildered and displeased by
 the shouting that was going on around her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I began, trying to answer any of the many questions aimed at me, but
 words beyond that wouldn't come.
 “I...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We need to get out of here,” Maggie said fiercely, turning to Gianna and
 Ilario.
 “We had no part in anything Bella did; we're safe from the Volturi if we
 cut and run now.
 Siobhan and Liam will have us -- especially since we're not competing for
 their prey.
 I asked earlier.
 Let's go, 
\emph on
now
\emph default
, before we're complicit in anything.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The siblings nodded, and Ilario shot me a dark look and Gianna an apologetic
 one as they left the room after Maggie.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme turned to face the middle of the room, where I stood.
 She didn't look angry -- but she did look afraid.
 I'd endangered her family.
 The guilt was crushing: how could I hurt Esme, of all people? As if I hadn't
 done enough to the Quileutes? If I hadn't activated them, Laurent might
 have killed three or four people in the area, gotten in and out in a few
 days, gone home to Irina, the Volturi wouldn't have found them or at least
 not so 
\emph on
soon
\emph default
.
 And now Esme's loved ones -- 
\emph on
including me
\emph default
, including 
\emph on
Edward
\emph default
 -- were all in likely danger.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The questions died down.
 I located my voice -- it had sunk to somewhere near the pit of my stomach
 -- and tried to answer them, one at a time, over the tingle of fear from
 Jasper's hisses.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I -- I -- I
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” So this was how Maggie had stuttered: lots of room in the vampire brain,
 lots of room for huge and crippling emotions, enough to let them displace
 peripheral functions like language.
 “I activated Rachel in July.
 And most of the others.
 Harry's a Quileute too.
 His daughter hurt him and I had to turn him to save him
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I stammered, ineloquently, through the Cliff's notes of the secrets
 I'd been keeping.
 I had to double back several times to explain my motivations, about Aro's
 witchcraft and Sue's pregnancy and the like, and even when I offered these
 feeble justifications it sounded almost as though I'd been acting randomly.
 Jasper growled at me (to an answering snarl from Edward) when I mentioned
 that I wasn't immune to Alice, never had been, I just fell into werewolf-derive
d shadows on a regular basis.
 Alice looked hurt, still made no move to restrain Jasper, but she wasn't
 snarling herself.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I'd run out of things to say, events and explanations both, silence
 settled over the room.
 Edward didn't relax at all.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maggie was right,” said Rosalie, breaking the quiet.
 “The smart thing to do, the safe thing, is to cut and run.
 Bella's painted a great, big target on herself but 
\emph on
we
\emph default
 can prove to Aro that we weren't involved.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This wasn't how I'd wanted it to go, I didn't want to be like the Denalis'
 mother, sacrificed as an example to my family so they would develop a 
\emph on
healthy respect for the law
\emph default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Rose,” said Edward.
 “Rose, you're not like this
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I could tell as he said it that he didn't believe it.
 She 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 like that, exactly like that, and she had every right to be, she didn't
 need to let her second life be broken to smithereens the way her first
 one had because I was playing Secret Agent Vampire behind everyone's backs.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward, you 
\emph on
weren't
\emph default
 like this,” she snapped.
 “Go get yourself executed with Bella while she tries to save the mutts
 she made, fine, your prerogative, but don't expect us to live with the
 mess she's created.” She paused.
 “Don't drag Elspeth into it either.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” I said, suddenly.
 “No, of course not.
 I can't bring Elspeth there.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll take her,” said Rosalie readily.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, rapidly.
 “I got the wolves into this, I'll have to do what I can to get them out,
 I'm the only prayer against Alec and Jane -- but I should go alone.
 The rest of you should stay out -- Rose, if I can ask you to look after
 Elsie even now...” Rosalie was nodding impatiently.
 “Here would do, I suppose, or you could go to ground in one of the other
 houses or Denali...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” said Edward.
 “Bella, I can't leave you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't bring Elspeth there,” I repeated.
 “Can you leave 
\emph on
her?
\emph default
 Our daughter?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't go, Bella,” Edward pleaded, recoiling from the choice presented.
 “You don't have to go.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've gone and painted a target on myself, like Rosalie said,” I murmured.
 “The Volturi are going to come after me at this point whether I go to them
 first or not.
 But if I go and I take out Jane and Alec somehow -- and realistically I'm
 the only person who can do that -- and the wolves are there and they get
 up and fight, then there might be a chance.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Go with them,” I said to Edward, gesturing at the rest of the family.
 “Wherever.
 Look after Elspeth.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, do you seriously think they'll leave Edward alone?” asked Rosalie
 scathingly.
 “They know perfectly well he's your mate.
 If you survive the head-on fight the very next thing they'll do is grab
 Edward and use him as bait.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked up.
 My brain was kicking into overdrive.
 I could not screw this up.
 I had to be 
\emph on
right
\emph default
, I had to be 
\emph on
careful
\emph default
, if Rosalie was willing to tell me when and how I was being a moron then
 I had to 
\emph on
use
\emph default
 that resource in order to be less of a moron.
 “Would they do that with Elspeth, too?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie didn't seem to have thought of that.
 “...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Maybe.” Esme tightened her hold on my daughter.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought.
 I was still thinking when Alice spoke.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jasper,” she murmured, “we need to go.
 Not with everyone else.
 The bits I can see, the bits that aren't shadowed -- they're going to use
 this as an excuse to try to collect me.
 Aro's never wanted anything else as much as he's wanted a precog.
 A criminal in my coven is just the pretense he needs.
 We have to run and keep running until it's obvious we've cut contact and
 there's no excuse to try us with the others.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jasper nodded once, jaw clenched tightly, eyes narrow.
 They got up and left; I heard Alice's car starting up.
 They didn't discuss where they were going -- of course; they probably weren't
 even thinking about it while Edward could hear.
 If we could find them, then that wouldn't be a plausible severing of contact.
 Alice had said enough that no one who loved her would try to find her,
 and that was all she could safely say.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The room was beginning to look rather empty.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How could I keep my husband and daughter safe? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't even need to ask myself 
\emph on
what do I want?
\emph default
 -- it was too obvious, the sole consuming thought in my head.
 Edward needed to be safe.
 Elspeth needed to be safe.
 Both of those things had to happen before anything else could attain a
 shred of importance.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
What do I have?
\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had Edward -- and that was half the problem.
 His very attachment to me was making him vulnerable.
 If it weren't assumed by everyone who knew word one about vampires that
 we would be together, then he could go somewhere with the others, hole
 up and wait for the Volturi to clean up my undesirable self.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie, and Esme and Carlisle and Emmett, might abhor what I'd done, might
 be forced to write Edward off as a lost cause they'd have to pinch off
 the family in order to salvage anything.
 But they 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 want to protect Elspeth, and that was more plausibly doable.
 The Volturi didn't have the same ironclad expectations about my relationship
 with her.
 There wasn't the same kind of precedent for half-vampire children.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Could I 
\emph on
hide
\emph default
 her? I couldn't think of anyone to hide her 
\emph on
with
\emph default
, and while she might 
\emph on
survive
\emph default
 if I just dropped her off in the middle of nowhere, she wouldn't understand
 the need for concealment and would eventually give herself away -- not
 to mention that it was hardly what I had in mind when I thought of the
 word “safe
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 The Volturi had the resources to track down anyone I could trust her with,
 from Renée to Gianna.
 That held if I flung the definition of “trust” as far as it could go and
 considered leaving her with distant acquaintances like the Chilean coven.
 I couldn't leave her anonymously at an adoption agency or on someone's
 doorstep.
 She grew too fast, she'd be too obviously nonhuman to anyone taking a close
 look.
 Exactly the kind of oddity that the Volturi liked to stamp out with lots
 of death.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So: if the Volturi wanted her, they could find her.
 Whoever had her needed to either run from them forever or be armed with
 a way to make them uninterested in kidnapping or hurting her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Or she needed to spend so little time there that they never got around to
 looking.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” said Edward.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
I'm thinking
\emph default
.
 It takes long enough to get to America from here that the best way to hurry
 
\emph on
isn't
\emph default
 to rush the thinking part,” I said, but anxiety betrayed the fact that
 I didn't feel so confident.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What 
\emph on
else
\emph default
 did I have? I was still a newborn, still a shield, might be able to kill
 or at least interrupt Jane and Alec long enough to get wolves up and fighting,
 before the other handful of Volturi on their team tore me to bits, if I
 got there before reinforcements from Volterra arrived.
 Rachel's pack and Becky's, minus Jacob and the five imprinted wolves he'd
 peeled off, 
\emph on
maybe
\emph default
 plus Harry and Sue if they weren't already dead, could probably kill off
 the handful of vampires that Jacob had described.
 After that we could regroup; without their favorite illusionists the Volturi
 would be at much more of a disadvantage against the wolves.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So I might live long enough to be able to retrieve Elspeth from a temporary
 hiding place without heavy duty defenses, if there were one that wouldn't
 delay me too much to leave her at.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I couldn't 
\emph on
count
\emph default
 on being able to go back for her.
 But I'd already established that she could be found wherever I put her.
 So that meant I had to leave her with someone who could hang onto her if
 necessary, and that someone had to have a way to convince an angry Volturi
 guard to leave her alone if one came knocking.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Volturi's top priority was containing information.
 They were probably limiting their sphere of destruction to La Push, not
 extending to Forks.
 Charlie 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 be ignored for the time being, while the Volturi contemplated the wolves.
 If he turned his siren on he could be streaking away from Forks like a
 bat out of hell, difficult for even a vampire to keep up with, and he could
 bring Elspeth along.
 If I died...
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie couldn't fight off a vampire.
 His limited version of my shield might offer some sort of defense against
 the same things I was immune to, but ultimately he was human, helpless
 unless the Volturi had another reason to leave Elspeth -- and Charlie --
 alone.
 He wouldn't be able to drive the getaway car if he was in the middle of
 turning, and I couldn't wait around three days for him to finish.
 She -- and possibly also he -- would be bait if (when) caught.
 He had to sleep, he couldn't run forever.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So Charlie was out.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maybe I was dwelling too much on how I'd get her 
\emph on
back
\emph default
, and not enough on how I'd make her 
\emph on
safe
\emph default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you go to Denali,” I said softly, indicating Carlisle and Esme, Rosalie
 and Emmett, “and you take Elspeth, and I make it 
\emph on
impossible
\emph default
 for you to contact me...
 and I 
\emph on
swear
\emph default
 never to come for her...
 then they can't use her as bait.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward swallowed.
 “But...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward has to come with me, because they will never, ever believe that
 we'd cut ourselves off like that...
 they'd know that if they got him, they'd get me too, and they'd be right,”
 I whispered.
 “But Elspeth's another story.
 I 
\emph on
can
\emph default
 leave her if...
 if that's the only way she can be kept safe, is to be away from me.
 Between you four and the Denalis you can make the Volturi at least ask
 a few questions, before they try to attack.
 They need excuses to wipe out covens or they lose their aura of legitimacy,
 and they don't have one for any of you.
 The only weak point is making sure Elspeth can't be used to find me.
 So I have to be unable to receive threats.
 No contact.
 Like Alice and Jasper.
 Even if I live through this in the short term.
 Until and unless the Volturi are all 
\emph on
gone
\emph default
 or so scattered as to be no threat, I can't see her.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” whispered Edward.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Please have a better idea,” I said.
 “That's the best I can do.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We could just run.
 The three of us.
 You'll never be in time to save the wolves anyway.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I might be there in time,” I said.
 “But you're right.
 We could run.
 Until they caught us.
 And they 
\emph on
would
\emph default
.
 You aren't immune to Demetri -- hell, we don't even know for sure if 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 am -- and he's met you, he can track you down anywhere on Earth.
 But it might take him long enough that Elspeth wouldn't be a baby anymore,
 and then she'd be obviously in cahoots with us, and they'd just kill us
 all three.
 You and I might be done for unless we manage to singlehandedly wipe out
 the Volturi, but Elspeth has a chance if we leave her -- and it means she
 won't be caught in the fight at La Push itself.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's face was frozen into a mask of dread.
 But slowly, he managed to nod.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fine,” said Rosalie tightly.
 “We go to Denali, you go to your deaths, but Elsie's safe with me.
 With all of us,” she added.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There has to be another way,” said Carlisle, and Esme nodded fervently.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There doesn't have to be another way,” I said.
 “If there is one, if you think of one, please, 
\emph on
please
\emph default
 tell me -- but there doesn't have to be.
 The Volturi 
\emph on
can
\emph default
 be too strong to fight, too evil to dispense mercy.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a heavy pause, and then
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I...
 I guess we need plane tickets,” said Esme.
 “I'll...
 go buy them.” She handed Elspeth to me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I turned to face Edward, standing close, so we could both hold her at the
 same time.
 Elspeth held up both little hands, touched our faces, showed us ourselves
 and how miserable and afraid we looked, and wanted to know why.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had no idea what to tell her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme bought tickets.
 We collected our documentation.
 I raided a petty cash location -- there was money stored all over the house,
 in various denominations; I helped myself to a wad of American dollars
 in case I did manage to get out of La Push alive.
 Edward pocketed half.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There weren't flights from Norway to the States so often that it would have
 been worthwhile to simply leave immediately.
 There was a little time before we needed to go to the airport.
 I fed Elspeth, as much as she would swallow -- I didn't want her hungry
 around humans and tempted to try to bite them, and even though we could
 all give her our airplane food, it might not be as much as she'd want.
 I put on my Valentine's bracelet.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward pulled a little paper packet out of a hiding place in our cottage.
 “I was going to give you this tonight, after Elspeth was asleep,” he said.
 “But...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I unwrapped the packet.
 It contained a locket.
 I flicked it open; it already held pictures -- one from our wedding, one
 of Elspeth.
 I closed it, put it on, and tucked it into my shirt, and kissed him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Time was up.
 We went to the garage and piled into a car; the other four were in another.
 We were on the same flight over the Atlantic and would split up when we
 had to change planes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth definitely picked up on our collective mood and kept sending us
 pictures of ourselves during the first leg of the journey, wanting to know
 what was wrong.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We're going to let Grandma Esme and Grandpa Carlisle and Aunt Rosalie and
 Uncle Emmett take you to see some friends in Alaska,” I whispered to her,
 “but me and Daddy can't go, and we'll miss you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That explanation seemed to suffice for her.
 She slept through most of the flight.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At the airport where we had to change planes, I almost backed out.
 Almost clung to Elspeth when Rosalie reached out for her, almost said we
 
\emph on
should
\emph default
 run, 
\emph on
should
\emph default
 hope to keep away from Demetri forever, 
\emph on
should
\emph default
 abandon the wolves and take Elspeth and not endure this loss 
\emph on
now
\emph default
 when it could certainly be put off until 
\emph on
later
\emph default
.
 I re-checked all my logic in a flurry of desperation.
 But I still couldn't think of a way to hide her, couldn't think of a way
 to thwart the Volturi tracker indefinitely, and was still sure that I'd
 been sentenced to death and Edward with me for the crime of being my husband.
 Elspeth had as much of a chance as she could get, in Denali.
 If something came up that 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 changed that situation, well, I knew where she was.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took a deep breath, and, forcing myself not to tremble, let Rosalie take
 her.
 “I love you,” I whispered to Elspeth, and Edward echoed my words.
 Edward and I handed our phones to Carlisle, to make us impossible to contact
 in that direction.
 Impossible to threaten.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward hugged his adoptive parents, each in turn.
 I didn't try.
 It was my fault there needed to be a goodbye.
 My fault the family was splintering.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Their connecting flight was earlier than ours.
 They walked away, with Elspeth peeping over Rosalie's shoulder and waving
 forlornly, and Esme looking back every few moments, despairing.
 They disappeared around a corner.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We had time to buy new phones -- we left the airport and did that, then
 went back in.
 I texted Jacob, giving him my new number and telling him our expected arrival
 time in case he wanted to be part of the cavalry.
 There was no answer before we boarded our second plane.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Elspeth's absence felt cold.
 I didn't 
\emph on
need
\emph default
 warmth.
 I could live in the vacuum of space, if it came to that.
 But I 
\emph on
missed
\emph default
 it, I missed 
\emph on
her
\emph default
, her heartbeat and her quick little breaths and the heat when I held her.
 The play of color in her dreams.
 I sat as close to Edward as the airplane seats allowed, wrapped myself
 up in his presence and tried to offer back what I could to him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My baby was five days old, and in five days she'd become so important.
 
\emph on
Could
\emph default
 we stay away from Denali? What mattered was really if everyone else 
\emph on
thought
\emph default
 we could, I supposed, and no one else could look into my mind and feel
 the cold.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We talked, a little: quiet discussions of tactics.
 If the Volturi had backup there before we arrived instead of just the twins
 and the two others Jacob had seen, we would do thus and such; if Jacob's
 pack didn't show, that would have this other implication.
 I paid just enough attention to memorize the new information and dredge
 up relevant tidbits about the wolves.
 Most of my mind was on our daughter and how cold it was without her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I said that to Edward, when there was no other contingency plan to invent
 -- “It's cold.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He nodded.
 He knew what I meant.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pulled my locket out of my shirt and touched the side of it that held
 Elspeth's picture.
 
\emph on
She's safe, safe as I can make her
\emph default
, I told myself.
 
\emph on
That's what's important.
 I've always known that it's more important that my loved ones be alive,
 that they be happy, than that they be near.
 That's why I don't live in Jacksonville with Renée and Phil right now,
 attending twelfth grade and keeping notebooks and being human and being
 single and childless.

\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Single and childless.
 No state had ever seemed so distant.
 Edward was part of me, attached, inseparable, essential; Elspeth was part
 of me, carved out of my heart and secreted away for safekeeping, leaving
 an unhealing wound in her wake.
 The Florida-dwelling high-schooler I could have turned into, with one different
 choice, was not me.
 She just would have gone by the same name.
 Or maybe she'd have people calling her “Izzy” by this point.
 Who knew.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I had such delusions of grandeur,” I murmured.
 “I was going to build up the population of wolves over years and years,
 collect allies, work on my shield, take over the world.
 Convert everybody to vegetarianism, turn humans as fast as we could handle
 them, cure death.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I love you,” said Edward.
 I put my locket back in my shirt.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I love you,” I replied.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was nothing left to say.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When we got off the plane, I checked my new phone.
 There was a message from Jacob -- or from his phone, anyway.
 Someone else had probably typed it.
 
\emph on
Jake fazed n says Rchl n Beky have smthg rong w/ thm,
\emph default
 it said, 
\emph on
unanmus not 2 go bak n risk it b/c nowere safe 4 imprins 2 hide
\emph default
.
 I dialed the number, hoping to get more detail; there was no answer.
 I tried four times and gave up.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's six wolves out of the picture, whether they got run down or something
 else happened that no one's picking up,” I said.
 “And depending on what the `something wrong' is, maybe the other twenty-five
 as well.
 Those girls they took have families, too -- if they make a fuss about their
 daughters being kidnapped that means a bigger coverup job for the Volturi...
 just how many people did I get killed?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If the Volturi kill people, they kill people, not you,” Edward said, and
 I knew he was copying what I'd said to Gianna about Maggie earlier.
 It was unhelpful.
 So many people, dead or about to be
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They've probably wiped out everyone on the Quileute reservation,” I said.
 “But there's only one Quileute imprint; that won't keep it contained even
 if they explain everyone on the reservation going missing.
 Three Makahs -- including a toddler! -- and a girl from Forks are the others;
 they can get that information easily from any wolf.
 What are the Volturi going to do, wipe out the entire population of the
 Olympic Peninsula to keep people from investigating those disappearances
 in a way that implicates the supernatural?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There are more immediate concerns,” Edward said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pushed my hair out of my face, staring at the phone, willing it to ring;
 it didn't, so I put it in my pocket.
 “Right.
 Anything could be going on with Rachel and Becky -- Jane could be hurting
 them, it could just be that extended sensory deprivation via Alec is interactin
g strangely with their telepathy -- either case, I might be able to get
 them up and in the fight if I can take out or at least distract the illusionist
s.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If we get close enough for me to hear their thoughts, I can probably figure
 it out without us getting near enough that they'll notice us,” Edward said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” I said again.
 “If the wolves are out of commission...
 if I can't get them up even if I get the witch twins out of the picture...
 
\emph on
then
\emph default
 we have no chance in a stand-up fight, 
\emph on
then
\emph default
 we run and hope they take a long time to catch us.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded once.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We headed west.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you want to check on your father?” Edward asked, as we passed close
 to Forks.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I admitted, “but...
 we shouldn't.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We don't have to do anything that will leave a trace,” Edward said.
 “His thoughts aren't 
\emph on
quiet
\emph default
, only indistinct -- we just need to go through town and I'll be able to
 hear him.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Even if he's okay, you still might not find him.
 Jacob's pack could have warned him and he could be running away, or he
 could be out of town for some unrelated reason.
 We don't have time to check really thoroughly.
 I'd be more worried if we went through town and you didn't hear him than
 I am now.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
 “After, then.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right.
 If there's an after.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We can run if the wolves aren't able to help,” he reminded me.
 “There will be an after.
 I won't 
\emph on
let
\emph default
 you die.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We went past Forks, and I was glad I couldn't cry.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We slowed down when we were within a few miles of the field where we expected
 to find the center of the action.
 Edward crept forward several paces ahead of me, listening.
 When he stopped, I stopped.
 We were only a mile and a half from the edge of the field -- barely out
 of earshot for noises the volume of ordinary voices.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I hear Aro,” Edward said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's the most familiar voice there?” I asked, feeling compelled to whisper
 even though I heard nothing besides ordinary forest noises.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Or close enough.
 Some of his familiarity is borrowed from people he's read, including me.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What are you getting from him?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward closed his eyes and focused.
 “He's reading someone.
 It's very fast, I can't quite...
 I think it's one of the wolves, maybe Rachel.” A minute of silence passed
 as he waited for Aro to finish reading his target.
 “Yes, that was Rachel.
 The wolves are all alive, but Chelsea's there -- and someone I haven't
 heard of, a new witch.
 I don't hear all the details but the new witch is doing the same thing
 Chelsea does.
 The wolves are...
 with the two of them working in concert...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We're dead,” I said.
 Chelsea alone was enough to hold the Volturi together against fractious
 vampire instinct; she and another vampire with a comparable power could
 probably turn the wolves' loyalties.
 The imprinted wolves would have had stronger outside claims on their devotion
 than witchcraft could fabricate and would have been able to pull away given
 the freedom of Jacob's third pack.
 Not so for the others.
 Jacob had mentioned Jane, Alec, and two “big skeeters”.
 For the timing to work, Chelsea, and possibly also the new witch, had probably
 been hiding until after he left.
 They were resources too important to risk until the illusionists had done
 their damage.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They don't know we're here.
 I can listen a little longer, maybe find something that will help us hide,”
 Edward said.
 “The group that was here to start was Jane, Alec, Afton, Demetri, Chelsea,
 and the new witch -- oh, her name is Addy.
 Aro, with Renata, arrived fairly recently and he's checking Chelsea and
 Addy's work before the wolves are allowed to wake.
 Now he's reading Becky.” Demetri and Afton would be the “big skeeters
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, then, most likely.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If Demetri is there and the wolves are the Volturi's new best friends,
 shouldn't we be running as fast as we can so we have more of a head start
 when they start looking for us?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, they might 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 want to kill us,” said Edward, full of hope.
 “They think the wolves are 
\emph on
useful
\emph default
, they're going to make them a sort of outer guard -- they might not blame
 you for activating them.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you really think so?” I breathed.
 I didn't want two large packs of wolves added to the Volturi's arsenal,
 but if it meant that the arsenal wouldn't be turned on me and Edward
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We could have our lives back, we could have our daughter back
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's not a sure thing,” he admitted.
 “But it's possible.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Keep listening,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After a moment, Edward said, “Harry and Sue are dead.” Of course they were.
 They wouldn't have liked what was happening to their children, they'd have
 tried to intervene, but they had no fighting experience whatever.
 They could have been brought down at range with next to no effort, dismantled
 and incinerated at leisure.
 “So is everyone else who lived on the reservation -- except a number of
 children who carry the gene and are too young to activate,” he went on
 after a pause.
 “They're going to bring them to Volterra and torch the village.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Of course they were.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you hear anything about us?” I asked.
 “Do they want us dead, do they want to give me a medal, do they think we're
 beneath notice, what?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can still hear only Aro,” Edward said.
 “He's...
 giving Alec the go-ahead to release one pack.
 Rachel's.
 They're going to make sure that they're sufficiently under control, that
 they don't need a little more tweaking from Chelsea and Addy.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Check how, exactly?” I said, leery of the possibility that this could involve
 sending wolves running in formations all over the area that might intersect
 with where we were standing.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They're calling it good if the wolves will sit and stay when told,” said
 Edward, disgustedly.
 “And phase on command.
 That's all they need to get them to Italy safely; Chelsea and Addy can
 go on working with them indefinitely.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And...
 the wolves are taking this how?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't hear their thoughts -- they're following the orders, but I don't
 know how they feel about it.
 We could go closer...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not until we have some idea of whether we're on death row or not,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aro's reading Rachel again,” Edward reported.
 “Now he's giving the go-ahead to wake Becky's pack.
 They're behaving similarly.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did you get anything from his read on Rachel?” In the midst of so many
 things to be concerned about, I didn't have much to spare for her, but
 I was 
\emph on
somewhat
\emph default
 upset about her approximate enslavement by the Volturi.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not much...
 but...
 it sounded like Chelsea managed to twist their loyalties in large part
 by directing their native dislike of vampires at you,” he said regretfully.
 “She doesn't spin affection out of thin air, she needs some resources to
 work with; I surmise Addy works similarly.
 It sounded like -- mind, it went by very fast, I've certainly missed bits
 -- like the Volturi have set themselves up in the wolves' minds as a necessary
 check on the general vampire population, to prevent rogue vampires like
 you from causing damage.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Splendid.
 Just splendid.
 So the wolves all hate me and they're working for the Volturi to help them
 necessarily check the vampire population -- are they thrilled at the honor,
 do they wish the last few months were all a dream so they could live normal
 human lives, or what?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The impression I have is one of the entire mess being a dirty job that
 someone has to do.
 But it went by extremely quickly, it was harder to follow than a normal
 read -- a dozen minds all going by at once through hers -- I can't be very
 precise.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did Aro tell Chelsea and Addy to use that angle where I'm a dangerous rogue,
 or did they pick it on their own, or was it the only one available? That
 could be a clue about how dead we are,” I suggested.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I haven't heard about that.
 Aro, at least, isn't thinking of us at all right now.
 He's considering how best to deploy the wolves.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How long are they going to be standing around in that field?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know.
 They 
\emph on
aren't
\emph default
 aware that we're here, or Aro would be thinking about it,” Edward said.
 “We can move in a little and I should be able to read the guard members,
 if not the wolves.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Part of me wanted to say no and demand that we turn tail and run.
 There were only two of us, versus eight vampires (mostly witches) and twenty-fi
ve wolves.
 If they 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 want us dead, we needed as much distance as we could possibly get between
 us and Demetri, who was 
\emph on
right there
\emph default
 and could be ordered to hunt us down at any moment.
 And then he could point and say “thataway” and we would be toast.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the other hand, if they 
\emph on
didn't
\emph default
 want to kill us, if Demetri 
\emph on
wasn't
\emph default
 particularly interested in finding us, then we could go to Denali and get
 Elspeth.
 And that was possible.
 They were using the wolves, after all.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was so cold.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I murmured.
 “But quietly.
 And sign language.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He signed back, “All right.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We crept forward, one step at a time, waiting for someone else to cross
 the border of Edward's hearing.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
