#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{15}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Ambition
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As I'd expected, Alice had gotten us both booked and we were soon on our
 way to Norway.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Are you okay?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I finally asked Gianna, as the plane took off.
 I kept my voice low enough so that nearby travelers wouldn't hear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm fine,” she squeaked, sounding less than fine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Gianna, you are not in danger,” I reminded her.
 Then, “Flying is the safest form of travel.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That got a choked, sob-like giggle out of her.
 “Do you really think they'll let me live, after deciding to kill me?” she
 asked in a breathy whisper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That depends on why they decided to kill you,” I said.
 “It could have been that they have something against 
\emph on
me
\emph default
, and thought it'd be useful if I ate you, since then they could be offended
 and have something concrete against me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe,” Gianna murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How did you know they wanted you dead?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I hear more than they think I do.
 Not everything, but...
 I heard Chelsea and Santiago talking...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Who's Chelsea? And remember to keep your voice down.
 I can hear you just fine.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“One of the guard.
 She -- her power is a little like Marcus's.
 He sees relationships; she can weaken them or build them up.
 They use it to keep the guard unified, to divide covens they punish.
 I heard Santiago asking her to...
 break the one between Santiago and me.
 I didn't know there was anything to speak of.
 None of them were my 
\emph on
friends
\emph default
.
 Santiago was more cordial than most of them, I suppose.
 But the only reason I could think of to break anything that might have
 been there was, would be if I was going to die, and Santiago didn't want
 to care.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did you hear what Chelsea said?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna shook her head.
 “She was too quiet.
 But I went out for lunch and called you.
 Your coven-mate, Alice, let me through.
 I don't think they know I did it, or that I heard Santiago.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Probably not.” I paused.
 “Uh, there's a complication with how I got you out, that you should know
 about.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna went stiff in her seat.
 “What?” she asked in a small voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I had to explain why I wanted to get you out, I needed to have some 
\emph on
use
\emph default
 for you.
 Aro said I couldn't just let you go off by yourself because you know too
 much.
 I wasn't going to eat you, and that didn't leave me a lot of options.” I
 required another lungful of air, but the scents of humans had almost stopped
 bothering me.
 I sipped from my complimentary water anyway, just to be safe -- it would
 be a long flight.
 “I, uh, told him that I need you to be the surrogate mother of my child
 or children.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She stared at me.
 This was an entirely reasonable reaction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My sister harvested some eggs before I turned,” I explained.
 “I wasn't planning to use them soon.
 Actually, I didn't have any concrete plans to use them at all, I was just
 hanging onto them in case I wanted them later.
 But they exist, and it was something I could say, that would explain why
 I'd need a live human around who knows about us.
 But Aro said he was going to check on me in a year or two to make sure
 I'm `pleased with my gift'.
 So that means that unless you really hate the idea, or my husband does,
 or we think of a great way around it...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, that's fine,” said Gianna.
 “I'll help you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hadn't expected such ready acquiescence.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can I ask you a favor?” she asked tentatively, after a pause.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ah.
 “What is it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“...
 Do you know why I was with the Volturi to begin with?” she asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You wouldn't tell me,” I reminded her, and she flinched.
 I was starting to think that she'd been very thoroughly trained to obey
 vampires and the fact that I retained continuity with my human self, whom
 she'd given the runaround, was throwing her off.
 “If you're willing to share now, I'd like to hear it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna ducked her head.
 “What I did tell you was true.
 They tell a lot of vampire stories in Volterra.” She paused.
 “I believed them...
 and so did my brother.
 Ilario.
 He believed more than I did.
 He wanted to be one himself.
 He looked for them, but never found them, and then he got sick.
 He's going to die.
 The doctors said there was nothing I could do, but he told me that there
 was -- and I did it -- and I found the Volturi, and I knew they'd never
 help my brother themselves once I realized how they are, but I thought
 perhaps they would
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She'd started crying partway through this recitation.
 I could fill in the rest of it myself.
 If the Volturi had “kept” her, she could have turned her brother -- or
 tried, anyway.
 Gianna probably didn't know that syringes worked, and I didn't think even
 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 could manage to administer venom by mouth without flipping out and devouring
 the human I'd meant to save.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted to offer Gianna a tissue, but I didn't have any; she sniffled for
 a minute, and then collected herself.
 “Gianna,” I said, “do the Volturi know about Ilario?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aro's read me,” she said quietly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Well, then
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Wait.
 
\emph on
Did
\emph default
 that necessarily mean that he knew about her brother? He could absorb a
 lifetime of memories with one touch.
 But vampires had 
\emph on
perfect recall
\emph default
, nothing more or less than that.
 Could he 
\emph on
process
\emph default
 a lifetime of memories that quickly? I'd spent hours and hours just re-reading
 
\emph on
my own notes
\emph default
 and integrating them with my memories.
 That sort of thing wasn't the work of an instant.
 Would he have bothered to spend a couple of days analyzing Gianna's? Even
 if things she'd forgotten with her imperfect recording weren't accessible
 to him either, it'd be a richer set of stuff to take in than my notes and
 hazy, blocked human memories.
 I was almost sure that he wouldn't bother with the far longer period of
 time it would take to deal with more complex, better-remembered, and 
\emph on
longer
\emph default
 vampire histories.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This probably boiled down to a very significant limitation.
 I'd need to check with Carlisle and Edward, to confirm or disconfirm.
 Aro 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 just have an astronomical mental capacity incomprehensibly greater than
 that of every other vampire.
 He 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 be quite capable of assimilating hundreds of years of sleeplessness where
 every last sixteenth of a second was packed with sense data and thought,
 all in a mere moment.
 And capable of doing this without toppling over as though affected by Alec's
 power, cut off from the present and his own experiences by the foreign
 additions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But 
\emph on
probably
\emph default
, he could only find memories he 
\emph on
looked for
\emph default
 -- memories he 
\emph on
knew
\emph default
 to look for.
 Either he had to plan to seek them before touching his target, so he could
 catch them as they flashed by; or he stored them all as they came in, and
 then could investigate them at his leisure.
 The first would be less dangerous, because it meant that only a fresh read
 could get him information he didn't yet possess.
 But even the latter was importantly different from his simply knowing everythin
g his targets knew.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward might not know.
 He (and Alice and Jasper), despite their extra senses, didn't have any
 spare room in their heads relative to the baseline vampire.
 If Edward was listening to Aro's mind when Aro took in someone's thoughts,
 it probably sounded like a compressed blur -- he'd get a couple of images,
 could probably swipe anything he was particularly trying to see, but wouldn't
 be able to distinguish between the possibilities unless Aro ruminated on
 his limitations in Edward's range.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This was unlikely to mean that Aro hadn't learned about Ilario.
 If he'd read Gianna, the most obvious motivation was to discover why she'd
 looked for the Volturi and whether she could be trusted.
 Her brother was clearly relevant, the sort of thing he'd have dug up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But it could mean that my private moments with Edward were safe unless he
 was some kind of silly voyeur.
 It could mean that he didn't know about the Quileutes.
 It could mean that I could plan the Volturi's downfall with the help of
 others, given certain precautions.
 It could mean that 
\emph on
he was less powerful than he thought we believed him to be
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Then he probably knows,” I told Gianna.
 My own head was still the 
\emph on
safest
\emph default
 place to hide information.
 Gianna didn't need to hear this, not yet.
 “But there may be a way for us to save your brother anyway.
 You say he wants to be a vampire?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She nodded.
 “Very much.
 I don't think he knows all the details -- but I'm sure he won't care.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And he 
\emph on
believes
\emph default
 in vampires,” I pressed.
 
\emph on
Oh, but Aro, of course we had to turn him -- he knew too much -- you know
 how much respect we have for the law
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna nodded again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay.
 I think we can do this.
 But we've got to check in with my family first.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Thank you
\emph default
,” she said fervently.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you want to be a vampire too?” I asked.
 “After Aro's been convinced that I wanted you for the reason I told him?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna thought.
 “If my brother were already safe, and didn't need me to be one...” 
\emph on
Say yes
\emph default
, I thought at her uselessly, 
\emph on
yes you do...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She seemed really stumped by the question.
 “I mean,” I said, “not like one of the Volturi.
 I'm sure my family, or our friends in Alaska would take you in.” I still
 needed to 
\emph on
meet
\emph default
 the Denalis.
 Perhaps there would be time for that soon.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What is it 
\emph on
like?
\emph default
” she asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, I can't even -- it's amazing,” I said.
 “The transition is...” I mulled over the word choice, too quickly for her
 to catch it.
 “
\emph on
Not fun
\emph default
.
 But mine was better than most and we could do the same things for you.
 And being a vampire is the most marvelous thing.
 Did you know we can see ultraviolet? And everything feels and looks and
 sounds and smells so intensely.” She flinched when I said 
\emph on
smells
\emph default
.
 “And,” I went on, “the evidence suggests that if you know about vampires
 beforehand, if you're expecting to become one before you start turning,
 then it's easier to control yourself, have the full use of your rational
 faculties to start with and not slaughter humans.
 I'm not magical like that -- I have a power, but that isn't it.
 I just had warning.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” she said, a fascinated glint in her eye.
 “It's as wonderful as it looks? The way you move, and sound...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's more so.
 A hundred times more so.
 My experience might be a little better than most,” I allowed, “because
 I turned with my mate already waiting for me, and that isn't likely to
 happen for you.
 But even without Edward -- yes, better than it looks.” 
\emph on
And turning is worse than it looks
\emph default
, my conscience hissed at me.
 
\emph on
Nothing can 
\emph default
look
\emph on
 that bad, there's only so much volume you can get out of one pair of lungs
 when you scream...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think I would want it even if Ilario didn't need me,” said Gianna, speculativ
e.
 “But I will help you first, with a child, if it seems like that makes the
 most sense.
 Will your sister be willing to take eggs from me as well?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sure she will.” I wasn't, but I was sure I could convince her or get
 Carlisle to do it.
 My conscience prickled.
 “Uh, Gianna...
 It's 
\emph on
worth it
\emph default
.
 It really is.
 Eternal life alone is worth it, even without the added bonuses, which are
 themselves awesome.
 But while you're turning, it won't feel that way.
 No matter how much you believe it now.
 There's nothing you can imagine that's enough to prepare you.
 When I said `not fun', that was a flippant reference to how my sister Alice
 described it to me before I turned -- she can't remember her own turning
 at all.
 She was going by secondhand information.
 I remember everything about mine except the beginning, because Carlisle
 put me in a coma first.
 And it's not going to feel like anything could be worth it, while you're
 in the middle of it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna went still and quiet.
 “I don't know what to think about that,” she said after a silence.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's worth it,” I told her again.
 “And you'll get it easier than me.
 We'll put you in a coma too and as soon as you come out of it, a broken
 spine will cut off most of the pain -- I didn't think of that until hours
 after I woke.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This had probably not been a clever thing to say, I decided, after looking
 at Gianna's expression.
 The pinch to my neck was so laden with positive associations of relief
 and mercy in 
\emph on
my
\emph default
 head, and I didn't think of the injury the way any given human likely did.
 In Gianna's mind, “broken spine” was probably very high on the list of
 things least pleasant to experience.
 I had memories of two hundred fifty nine thousand, one hundred and twelve
 seconds which each would individually place higher on that list than anything
 I would have been capable of experiencing with fully human mind and nerves.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But we won't push you into anything you don't want to do,” I said reluctantly.
 
\emph on
But on the other side everything is beautiful and you can keep it all forever...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If Ilario's going to do it, then I will too,” she said, and that sounded
 firmer than her previous statement.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I grinned at her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The rest of the flight was mostly small talk, tidbits about our respective
 lives that had for whatever reason not made it into our e-mails.
 Gianna was 23; Ilario was her only sibling, and two years younger; their
 parents were alive but irretrievably senile; she'd found the Volturi ten
 months previously (I was briefly startled to realize that Gianna had known
 vampires for longer than I had, when I felt like I'd known them forever).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward picked us up at the airport.
 Rosalie had gotten around to buying at least a few cars, apparently, because
 the sleek black thing he drove was definitely not a rental.
 I wondered if she'd grabbed one for me -- she'd asked me what kind I wanted
 and I told her I had no idea, and was willing to leave it up to her expertise.
 She wasn't quite as pleased as Alice with permission to buy me a new wardrobe
 bursting with chiffon, but she'd seemed to find it a compliment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hadn't yet directly taken much frivolous advantage of practically unlimited
 financial freedom, although Edward had troubled to make it very clear that,
 as his wife, I was entitled to it as much as he was.
 He'd informed me in no uncertain terms that I shouldn't hesitate to whip
 out my shiny black credit card if I saw something I liked.
 (
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

But if you need more than a couple million dollars at a time,” he'd said,
 “let Alice know so she can spook her stockbrokers first.”) Mostly I'd deferred
 various purchases to people with a specialized interest in making them.
 Now that I was moving around in the human world without much trouble it
 was probably time for me to take a more personal interest in my possessions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Conversation during the drive between the airport and the house was limited;
 I did want to talk to Edward about my insight on Aro and the condition
 of Gianna's release, and he like everyone else in the family needed to
 be informed about Ilario.
 However, the first conversations were best kept between the two of us to
 start with, and the second would be more efficient with everyone there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He drove fast, of course, and it didn't take long for us to reach home.
 The cars were living outdoors for the time being, but I could see the skeleton
 of a garage going up.
 The house itself looked completely refinished -- fresh paint and sanded
 surfaces and new window glass.
 Esme had been busy over the last couple of weeks.
 We brought Gianna into the house, gave her a purposeless little room with
 a bed in it on the first floor, confirmed that someone had brought in some
 groceries for her to feed herself and generally deal with human needs,
 and let her alone to settle in.
 It was surprisingly unceremonious -- having Alice around took a lot of
 the oomph out of significant lifestyle changes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When Gianna had shut the door to her new room and could be heard unpacking,
 I turned to Edward.
 “I believe,” I said, “that you've got a threshold to carry me over.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I believe I do,” he agreed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I spent four minutes running around in our cute, tiny cottage, inspecting
 everything and exclaiming over it.
 Edward had already seen plenty of the place, in Esme's mind and Alice's,
 and didn't need to investigate so thoroughly; he watched me with a fond
 and indulgent look on his face.
 Alice had been in the house before, and moved all my clothes old and new
 into a closet that was almost half as big as the entire rest of the building.
 Edward's were relegated to a corner of the crowded walk-in, pushed there
 by my inordinately large collection; she was not quite so fond of buying
 men's clothes.
 She had not been able to 
\emph on
quite
\emph default
 resist buying me posh swaths of dress-shaped silk and satin, but there
 were only half a dozen of the most impractical numbers.
 The rest of it was more discreetly upscale.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a compact home, so in short order I'd seen everything and returned
 to Edward's side.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Simultaneously, we said, “We need to talk.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's your thing we need to talk about?” I asked Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's kind of a long story -- what's yours?” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have several,” I replied.
 “One is that I thought about something that might constitute a limitation
 on Aro's power, besides my immunity.
 It might or might not have already occurred to you.
 The second is about what I had to tell Aro to get Gianna out, and what
 we need to do about that.
 And then there's a favor I want to do for Gianna.
 Why don't I start one of mine, and then it'll be your turn?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded, and I related the thought processes and dialogue that had
 led up to the situation with Gianna.
 “So,” I concluded after the explanation, “unless we have a brilliant alternativ
e plan, Gianna needs to have, or be noticeably pregnant with, my child by
 the time Aro investigates us, on some unspecified date on the order of
 a year or two from now.
 I guess that's probably enough time to find a sperm donor.” I winced apologetica
lly.
 “I didn't have a chance to consult you, or time to think of anything else
 I might want a human for that Aro would find plausible.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And how do you feel about that?” asked Edward.
 He was carefully looking neutral about it -- probably trying not to pressure
 me either way with his own feelings.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hadn't stopped to consider this in any detail.
 I took this invitation to do so, and thought.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I'd said to Aro that I needed Gianna to bear my children, I had been
 motivated by the need to get her out, to save her.
 Now that she was freed but would be checked up on, any comparatively weak
 opinions I had about child-rearing were close to irrelevant for purposes
 of what I would do.
 I didn't 
\emph on
hate
\emph default
 the idea so much that I'd let Gianna die to avoid it.
 I didn't 
\emph on
love
\emph default
 the idea so much that I'd demand her participation even if I found a way
 to bail her out for free.
 But there was a reasonably wide range of possibilities between those two
 extremes, and Edward -- as well as I -- wanted to know where I was on the
 spectrum.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wasn't thrilled about the sperm donor part.
 Some stranger's child.
 But Edward had gone and become a vampire before collecting gametes had
 been medically realistic, so that meant that (sooner or later) I needed
 to figure out how I felt about having children without the chance that
 they'd have his hair or his nose or something.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I supposed a pair of vampires who never needed to sleep would have a leg
 up in the parenting department.
 I was only seventeen, but it wasn't like I was getting any older.
 With twenty-four hours in a day, and each second sufficient time to actually
 accomplish something, I didn't find the prospect of adding childcare that
 terrible of a time sink.
 So maybe it'd take me two or three times as long to learn Farsi when that
 came up on my list -- wow, an entire week and a half per language, the
 horror.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kids were typically cute, but varied in personality as much as adults did.
 The odds were pretty good that my own would be similar to me in at least
 some ways.
 Paging through descriptions of donors would be another level of control.
 There were plenty of people with adversarial relationships with their parents,
 but I'd gotten along all right with mine, and they'd gotten along all right
 with theirs.
 If there was any genetic correlation, there would probably be no serious
 issue there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered what it would do to a human child, to have vampire parents.
 Among other things, we weren't warm and huggable.
 I supposed we could wear fluffy coats or something, if that seemed important.
 In most visible ways, we could pass for human, though; we'd be likely to
 raise a 
\emph on
quirky
\emph default
 kid, but probably not an outrageously bizarre one unless we were very incautiou
s.
 It might be wise for Edward and me to live alone with our child in case
 a scraped knee set Jasper off.
 For that matter, I would need to test 
\emph on
myself
\emph default
 around fresh human blood before I could be sure of mothering a human baby
 safely.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The timing wasn't ideal.
 We wouldn't be the first couple to wind up with a honeymoon baby -- or
 the nearest artificial equivalent -- but a child would restrict us in some
 ways.
 For example, if I decided I wanted to spend a year living in the Mariana
 Trench for no particular reason, that would not be something I could do
 with a toddler.
 After fifteen or twenty years, though, my offspring could likely be left
 more or less to his or her own devices.
 And I didn't think I'd run out of child-compatible things to occupy myself
 with in that time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The fact that Edward and I wouldn't age and the child would could get awkward.
 We looked a bit young to be parents to an 
\emph on
infant
\emph default
, let alone an eight-year-old or a teenager.
 That would just mean that we'd have to teach him or her to call us by our
 names and pretend to be our niece or my sibling or something in public,
 though.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And I could show Charlie and Renée their grandchild.
 That wouldn't be a problem as long as we found a way to be away ourselves
 at the time -- drill the kid on airport procedures, send them to Washington
 or Arizona, let the relevant grandparent pick them up.
 It might be, in some small way, compensation for the fact that there might
 never be a way for me to see them again face-to-face.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” I said finally, having spent about forty seconds to fully mull over
 all those thoughts, “it's sooner than I had in mind, but I kind of like
 the idea of having at least one.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's good,” said Edward in relief, touching my face, “because I found
 out after you left Rio that it may be possible for vampires to have children.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Does Rosalie know?” I asked immediately.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward winced.
 “Not 
\emph on
female
\emph default
 vampires,” he said.
 “At least not that I discovered.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Spill,” I insisted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“After I saw you off to Italy,” said Edward, “I went back to the island
 to leave a note for the cleaning crew, so they would know that we weren't
 going to be there as long as planned.
 They were there when I arrived, but one of them had brought her cousin
 to help, who's familiar with a lot of local legends and had a good guess
 of what she was looking at as soon as she saw me.
 Since all she'd heard about who was using the island was that it was a
 young couple, the first thing she thought when she saw me without you was
 that I'd eaten you.” He smiled wryly.
 “I explained that you were my wife and had been called away prematurely,
 and her 
\emph on
next
\emph default
 thought was that you were 
\emph on
pregnant
\emph default
 and rushing home.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She still thought I was human at that point?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right -- but I didn't understand how she could think it anyway, when for
 one thing I'm a vampire and for another you wouldn't have been showing
 after only twelve days.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It didn't occur to her that a lot of humans cheat on their spouses?” I
 asked dryly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Didn't cross her mind just then, at least, which was curious,” Edward replied.
 “I managed to convince her I wasn't going to hurt her, or you, and I got
 her talking.
 The Ticuna Indians, of which she was one, have legends about vampires who
 seduce young women -- and their stories say that pregnancies can result.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The vague plans for raising a human child evaporated in my head.
 We could have 
\emph on
our
\emph default
 child.
 I felt my face spreading into a much less ambivalent smile...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But,” said Edward (I froze), “the pregnancies are supposedly unnaturally
 rapid.
 That was why she'd thought twelve days would be enough to notice.
 Start to finish, it takes about one month -- but you can imagine the toll
 that takes on a human body, going from zygote to infant nine times faster
 than normal.
 She didn't know of any stories where the mothers survived.
 Not least because the children aren't at all typical.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not typical how?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That, she didn't know much about.
 But if there are stories about half-vampires, there might be actual half-vampir
es, somewhere -- South America would be a good place to start.
 I wanted to come straight home to meet you and discuss it before investigating
 any further.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If it'd kill Gianna...” I said uncomfortably.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“These are 
\emph on
old
\emph default
 stories,” he told me.
 “Perfectly ordinary pregnancies were dangerous then -- no modern medicine.
 And vampire venom can do some amazing things.
 When Esme was found at the bottom of the cliff, she was brought directly
 to the morgue, because they didn't think there was a chance they could
 save her -- but her heart was beating, and Carlisle turned her and now
 she's fine.
 None of us were in such good shape -- you were the only one in perfect
 health.
 I know Gianna was hoping that the Volturi would turn her anyway.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She was, but not for the reason you're thinking.” I told him about Ilario,
 barely clinging to life.
 “Now, I asked her, and she said she'd still like to be a vampire even if
 he didn't need her help to turn, and she said she'd be willing to help
 us out with surrogacy -- but I don't know if she'd sign on for pregnancy-on-roc
ket-powered-roller-skates that's believed to regularly kill people just
 because we 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 be able to save her with venom at the end of it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course if we determine that there's no way that's safe for her to carry
 a half-vampire, she shouldn't,” Edward assured me.
 “But it seems worth investigating.” There was a trace of something in his
 voice that he was trying not to make too obvious -- perhaps it really mattered
 to him that our child be biologically his own but he knew that it would
 do no good to press the issue if I thought it would be at the expense of
 Gianna's safety.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “I think it's safe for us to take six months to research and decide,” I
 said.
 “Even if Aro checks in after just one year and we wind up going with a
 slower-developing human baby, she'll show by then.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I agree,” Edward said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is there going to be any trouble dealing with Ilario?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think it would be wise to have him and Gianna in the same place
 when he's first turned,” said Edward.
 “Unless he adjusts like you -- which he might, if your theory is correct
 -- then it wouldn't be safe for her.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So should Ilario go somewhere else, or should Gianna?” I asked.
 “And where to? The Denalis have already got David, and he's 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 unusually well-adjusted -- Gianna can't go there.
 Ilario could after he's turned, but it's not obvious how we'd get an uncontroll
ed newborn to Alaska safely.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It might be necessary for the family to split up temporarily,” Edward said.
 “We'll discuss it with everyone.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I frowned, not quite happy with that idea.
 But if Ilario managed as well as he might, didn't eat his equivalent of
 Nils when tested, then it would amount to some of us taking him on a couple
 weeks' vacation in some remote area and then bringing him back.
 Fair enough.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And my last thing,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward had barely any idea how Aro's power worked.
 Aro didn't think about it explicitly himself, at least not in range.
 “When he's decided to find something in particular, and I listen, I can
 always catch that thing,” Edward said.
 “But the rest of it is too fast.
 It doesn't spend enough time as a surface thought for me to read it.
 If there's a different way he retrieves absorbed memories and personal
 memories, I can't tell the difference when he remembers things.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So that doesn't narrow it down,” I said.
 “It looks like there are three possibilities.
 That he's as powerful as he wants everyone to think, or that he stores
 but doesn't automatically process everything from his targets, or that
 he has to know what he's looking for in advance.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
 “I can't believe I never thought of this before -- he has no reason to
 leave the Quileutes alone; by rights he'd want to obliterate them in case
 the activated version of the species ever resurfaces.
 But the most recent occasion wasn't even the first time he's read one of
 us since we encountered them seventy years ago.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That means we can probably rule out the first, then,” I said.
 “But is there a safe way to tell between the second and third?” We thought.
 The problem was that, of things that made suitable test topics, there were
 very few that we thought we'd 
\emph on
like
\emph default
 it if he came to think about them.
 It would be safe to make oblique references to werewolves and read his
 thoughts about them 
\emph on
if
\emph default
 the last hypothesis were true, because he'd assume that we were talking
 about the Children of the Moon and wouldn't have any special reason to
 go poking around the next time he read a Cullen.
 But if the second one were the case instead, then bringing up werewolves
 could lead him to dig up exactly the memories that would send the Volturi
 guard on a killing spree in La Push.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And in fact, if Aro ever had cause to discuss werewolves or a related topic
 with his own coven, this could happen at any time 
\emph on
anyway
\emph default
...
 if Caius expressed skepticism that they'd truly driven the Children of
 the Moon extinct, if someone in the guard had a penchant for horror novels
 and discussed them over a shared supper, if Aro developed an interest in
 Native American culture...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't say that out loud.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Instead, I said, “Edward, do you trust me?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Absolutely.” This was not, as he used it, an emphatic form of “yes
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

; it was a description of his trust.
 It was absolute.
 And I needed no less.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I want you to stop thinking about this, and not to bring it up with anyone
 else,” I said.
 “And I may need to travel or use medium-large sums of money unexpectedly,
 alone.
 I want you to avoid thinking about that or talking about it any more than
 you have to.
 I might need you to pretend to our family that you're on a trip with me
 so the others don't become curious.
 I might ask weirder things unexpectedly without being able to explain.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward understood -- not all of it, but enough.
 My mind was still the only place where things could definitely go on without
 risking Aro's knowledge -- if he merely happened to be 
\emph on
idly curious
\emph default
 about the wrong thing, even the third and safest type of scenario was dangerous.
 It wasn't as though anyone he chose to ask for a handshake could refuse
 to be read without falling under immediate suspicion.
 There was no reliable safeguard but my own contrary witchcraft.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward and I went back to the main house.
 Carlisle had gotten Ilario's information from Gianna and was already in
 the process of getting him transferred to his new private specialist practice
 in Norway.
 Carlisle had begun a new job at a hospital in the nearest town, but he
 was working as a surgeon, not an oncologist.
 So the practice was fictional, and so was the clinical study which Ilario
 was invited to participate in.
 But Gianna's help let the process go much more smoothly.
 She got on the phone with her brother when he had a lucid hour, said the
 magic words, and soon had him demanding to be sent north.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie arranged to pose as Carlisle's medical assistant -- she had the
 knowhow to pull off the role and, unlike Edward, wasn't among the witches
 that the Volturi desperately wished to collect.
 Her presence in Volterra wouldn't attract undue attention.
 She hied herself off to Italy to pick up Ilario, seeming unresentful --
 maybe she was happy to help Gianna because Gianna was planning to bear
 the first, and possibly last, baby the family would ever have.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was decided that after Ilario arrived, but before he started to turn,
 Edward and I would go with Gianna to the house the Cullens kept in Québec.
 In theory, Gianna could have gone alone -- she was an adult, she could
 drive, etcetera -- but she thought it was better to stick with me, in case
 Aro checked in early to make sure I hadn't “released her into the wild
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Since it suited my purposes to be in North America, I didn't put up a fight.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After these things had been set into motion, Alice insisted that I be presented
 with Aro's other presents.
 Her eagerness should have tipped me off to the nature of the things, but
 at least they were far less creepy than the gift of a human being.
 One was a box, but no typical box: it was made of ancient wood, inlaid
 with gold and mother-of-pearl that lay flush with the surface.
 It was also dotted with gems in a rainbow of colors -- small ones, but
 so many that the entire box glittered.
 Inside the box was the other gift.
 Alice said that it was one of the few objects in the world that wouldn't
 be outshone by the priceless box itself: a golden chain, woven into rope
 that could coil around the throat and clasp there.
 Attached to this necklace was a diamond about as big as my eye -- not just
 the visible portion, the entire thing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle identified this item as one of the crown jewels pawned by John
 of England in the thirteenth century.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Yeesh
\emph default
.
 Was this an attempt to get me interested in joining their guard? It didn't
 seem like practical combat gear, so I couldn't see the ornament being presented
 as a message of “join us and you will get more old shiny rocks
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 I'd 
\emph on
met
\emph default
 some Volturi women -- they wore cowls or sundresses, they weren't dressed
 to go to the Oscars or like they'd just committed jewel heists.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I put my box and necklace in my cottage, on the shelf above the dresses
 I had no plans to wear.
 Just to be contrary to the Volturi in a safe way, I put on the bracelet
 that Edward had given me on Valentine's day.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then, faced with a moment of downtime that wasn't on an airplane, I
 called my mother.
 She was surprisingly even-keeled about my having eloped, telling me that
 I had good judgment and she was sure Edward was a wonderful “boy, I mean
 man
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 She wanted to be visited, but thought (luckily) that we ought to have time
 to be newlyweds first.
 That bought me time.
 I told her, in my artificially low and scratchy voice, that I loved her
 and was thrilled to be married, and thanked her for her vote of confidence.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The next day, Ilario showed up, wheeled in by Rosalie.
 He looked awful -- it was impressive that he'd managed to survive as long
 as he had, although I supposed vampire-related hopes might have helped.
 It was one of those cancers that leave one with a couple of months to live,
 that rare individuals sometimes managed to hold up under for longer --
 but not well.
 At least not in Ilario's case.
 He had no hair, he slept most of the time, he had to be fed via tube.
 The trip had not done him any good either.
 He was able to confirm that he really and truly wanted to become a vampire;
 he was able to smile weakly at Gianna -- and that was all he had in him
 for the day.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle didn't have any more coma drugs.
 There hadn't been enough warning about Ilario to get them, and the little
 hospital he worked at didn't keep them on hand.
 But Carlisle did have plenty of morphine on hand.
 I watched, out of curiosity, as painkillers and then two syringes full
 of clear venom were injected.
 Gianna was out of the room at this point -- no one wanted her to have to
 hear her brother scream.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario didn't scream.
 In fact, he didn't do anything.
 He held perfectly still, though I could hear his heart beating steadily.
 Had the morphine eliminated the pain as effectively as my coma had? If
 so, and if it lasted longer than thirty hours, it should be the new gold
 standard for humane turning in the future -- I'd have to ask him about
 it later.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since Ilario wasn't in obvious, heart-wrenching pain, we let Gianna in to
 hold his hand, and to tell him -- in case he could hear -- that she loved
 him.
 Then we had to leave to catch our plane to Canada.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the trip, Gianna slept most of the way, and Edward taught me French.
 It was faster learning with a conversation partner than out of a book,
 and while I still wasn't fluent in 
\emph on
any
\emph default
 of the languages I'd started learning, I had smatterings of a whole bunch
 of them.
 I'd be able to find my way around in Québec.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But I didn't plan to spend much time there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We arrived.
 The Cullens had the usual complement of cars at the house, so instead of
 renting one, we took a taxi.
 Once it had dropped us off, Edward popped out to the grocery store to get
 some food for Gianna and I started pulling white cloths off of furniture.
 There were no beds in the house, but I found a sofa that looked like it
 might be reasonably comfortable for her, and I picked it up and moved it
 into the bedroom that looked like it normally belonged to Rosalie and Emmett.
 While she settled in, drowsy from the travel, I went out of her earshot
 to make a call.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The phone rang once, twice, three times.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then Billy Black picked up the phone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Billy, this is Bella,” I said, not bothering to disguise my voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Bella?
\emph default
” he asked.
 “Are you...
 what are you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A vampire.
 The treaty, though, says `bite', not `turn', so I hope this isn't going
 to cause any friction in the friendship between my family and yours.” This
 was wryly said -- “friendship” had never been the exact word.
 The wolves of seven decades ago had considered vampires their natural enemies,
 and the Cullens were barely suffered to live.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why are you calling me?” Billy demanded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is anyone listening to this conversation on your end?” I inquired.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, Jacob is out with his friends...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay.
 Now, as you probably know, my family aren't the only vampires in the world...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I explained, as succicintly and comprehensibly as I could, the danger that
 Aro posed.
 Billy listened in silence until I came to my conclusion: “Assume for the
 sake of caution that he's got the more dangerous of the two forms of mindreadin
g.
 Right now, if it occurs to him that you exist, he'll realize through Edward's
 memories that you're all inactive -- vulnerable.
 
\emph on
One
\emph default
 vampire could get the drop on you and murder everyone in La Push without
 anyone having time to activate; a handful more could track down absent
 tribe members like Rachel and Rebecca and mop them up too.
 The Volturi have over a dozen at their beck and call.
 They would not consider it a big hassle to make you 
\emph on
extinct
\emph default
, and they'd want to do it, because if you ever wake up again, you'll be
 a threat to them.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And what do you want to do about that?” Billy asked guardedly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I said, “I want to wake you up.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward didn't take very long at the grocery store, and while I was in the
 middle of coaxing Billy into giving me more information about Quileute
 wolf legends as he knew them, I had to cut off so he wouldn't hear anything.
 Edward brought the grocery bags in to Gianna, who began to put their contents
 away according to an organizational system that suited her; then he came
 outside again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He walked up behind me, wrapped his arms around me, and kissed the back
 of my neck.
 He was holding two sheets of paper.
 “I don't know what you're up to,” he told me in a low voice, “or what you're
 going to need, and I know it's best that I don't know.
 And if you had to ask for contacts or resources later, I'd have details,
 however vague -- so I made you a list of everything I could think of.” He
 handed me the list.
 He had very small handwriting, and had filled five marginless columns on
 both sides of each sheet with names, addresses, and phone numbers -- each
 accompanied by notes on who their usual contact person was and what they
 did.
 He'd also bought me an atlas of Quebec, which would see me a fair part
 of the distance until I got where I needed to be.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I scanned both items quickly, memorizing everything on them without regard
 for whether I expected any given entry to be useful later.
 The atlas first, and then I handed it back to him; then the handwritten
 note.
 It was quite a list: private investigators, black marketeers, sources for
 forgeries, computer hackers, officials of various stripes in the Cullens'
 pockets by bribery or intimidation who could cut through assorted red tape
 and help cover up slips.
 They operated from dozens of cities, scattered around the world but mostly
 concentrated in the northern half of the United States.
 Once I'd seen it all, I shredded it, tearing it up into confetti even a
 patient vampire couldn't reconstruct.
 I let it scatter in the wind and then turned in Edward's arms to kiss him.
 “Thank you,” I murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I hope it helps.
 I hope you know what you're doing,” he added wryly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not really,” I said.
 “But I know enough to think it's the best thing I 
\emph on
can
\emph default
 do.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He didn't love the answer, but didn't press.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I need to go,” I said apologetically.
 “I'll be back -- uh -- later.
 You have my number.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward handed me the keys to the car he'd taken shopping.
 I kissed him goodbye and got behind the wheel.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I headed southwest and called Billy, confident that my brain wasn't going
 to be overtaxed by driving and talking on the phone at the same time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sorry about that,” I said when he picked up the phone.
 “For security reasons,” (I felt ridiculous saying that) “I need to keep
 everything out of my husband's earshot.
 You were in the middle of telling me why I 
\emph on
shouldn't
\emph default
 pick up Rachel from Spokane on my way to activate werewolves, even though
 anyone who got into your house and looked at your stuff could tell that
 she's your daughter and therefore carries the gene and would be part of
 a complete extermination project, and even though she's smack dab between
 me and La Push unlike her Hawaii-dwelling twin.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Billy didn't answer me for a while, although I could hear him breathing.
 Finally, he said, “Because the women never became wolves.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why's that?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They simply didn't have the magic,” said Billy, which meant 
\emph on
I have no idea
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay, let's think,” I said, which meant 
\emph on
I'm going to think aloud so you understand where my conclusions came from
\emph default
.
 “We 
\emph on
do
\emph default
 know that wolves are activated when they're young or not at all, right?
 How young?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Under twenty-five,” he said, “as far as I know.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And in those days, did Quileute girls under twenty-five years of age tend
 to wander around in places that might contain vampires to activate them?”
 I asked.
 “Either before or after the tribe had a pack of protectors capable of keeping
 such vampires far away from villages?” He didn't answer, which I took to
 be a no.
 “Is it possible,” I continued, “that they just never had the opportunity
 to activate?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Perhaps,” grumbled Billy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So it would seem that it at least 
\emph on
bears testing
\emph default
,” I said, “for me to pick up Rachel.
 If nothing else, a Volturi committee sent to destroy your people isn't
 going to care if your stories say she can't activate.
 They'll guess that she carries the gene anyway and could pass it on to
 a son, or that the stories are wrong, or that she might think it's a little
 funny that her entire family is dead and investigate a little too closely.
 Just because she doesn't come home when you ask her to visit doesn't mean
 she won't talk to me -- and I can prove most of what I have to say, and
 get her where she has to go.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was uncomfortably aware of how patronizing I was being, but this was Billy's
 
\emph on
daughter
\emph default
 I was trying to save, and he was being astoundingly uncooperative.
 I went on: “The Volturi 
\emph on
do not care about human life
\emph default
.
 They kill people -- vampires, humans, European werewolves -- 
\emph on
all the time
\emph default
.
 On a daily basis for food.
 When they are annoyed or feel flouted or need to put on a show.
 It would not come as 
\emph on
anything resembling a surprise
\emph default
 if I learned that at least some of them do it for no reason other than
 personal entertainment.
 Whether she can turn into a wolf or not, Rachel isn't 
\emph on
safe
\emph default
 from them.
 They won't 
\emph on
ignore
\emph default
 her if they find out you exist.
 She'll be as safe as I can make her if she activates, and the next best
 thing if she's at least among a bunch of people who I 
\emph on
can
\emph default
 activate.
 
\emph on
Tell me where to find her, Billy.
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He mumbled an address and a phone number.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you, Billy.
 I'll see you in about a day and a half.” I flipped my phone closed.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
