#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{13}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Self-Control
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I boggled at him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said uncomfortably, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I was born in 1901.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Riiiight,” I sighed.
 “And the fact that it's not 1901 anymore leaves you unmoved?” I wriggled
 against him, just a little.
 He took a very deep breath.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward laid his palms against my cheeks and kissed me -- carefully, chastely,
 not at all like the passionate delight in the hallway.
 I tried to follow his face with mine when he pulled back, but didn't fight
 against the steady pressure of his hands, even though I could have easily
 knocked them aside and tackled him.
 If he wanted to be married first and I couldn't talk him out of it -- well,
 Alice was planning a wedding anyway.
 I could be a 
\emph on
little
\emph default
 patient.
 Maybe.
 If I absolutely had to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked at his darkened gold eyes, which smoldered at me.
 A fresh bolt of desire struck me, and I couldn't restrain a sad little
 whine.
 Oh, this was going to be hard.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Trust me,” he said with a wry smile, “if the fact that you 
\emph on
exist
\emph default
 leaves me unmoved -- well, it doesn't, but I suspect the difference isn't
 relevant for your purposes -- then the date isn't going to do anything.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't possibly convince you?” I pleaded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He bit his lip, looking apprehensively at me.
 “I'd really rather you didn't try,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why's that?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Because I'm not sure if you can...
 but 
\emph on
if
\emph default
 you can...
 then that would be contrary to my current preferences.” His eyes were almost
 
\emph on
quivering
\emph default
 -- like he wanted to look down, but caught himself before doing it every
 time.
 His wobbly gaze stayed locked on my own eyes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My eyebrows knitted together.
 I was pretty sure I could resist the impulse to knock him over and have
 my way with him.
 Could I avoid even trying to 
\emph on
encourage
\emph default
 him?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've been waiting and 
\emph on
waiting
\emph default
 for 
\emph on
this
\emph default
 day, so it would be 
\emph on
safe
\emph default
,” I complained, “and you're 
\emph on
springing
\emph default
 this on me.
 You never said `oh, by the way, Bella, unless we 
\emph on
actually
\emph default
 get married instead of just pretend, you will be obliged to live like a
 nun'.
 I am not pleased with this surprise.” I deliberately attended to the feel
 of the wind, the smell of the forest, trying to distract myself from said
 displeasure -- it would be very embarrassing to throw an outright tantrum
 at so inopportune a time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He gritted his teeth.
 “I'm sorry.
 I truly am.” He passed his thumb gently over my cheekbone, which 
\emph on
did not help
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pouted, and then closed my eyes and gradually forced my face into a more
 neutral, less coaxing expression.
 “Okay,” I managed.
 “I'll do my best.
 I'll...
 I'll learn a lot of languages and read all my computer files and clear
 the area of moose and I will 
\emph on
try
\emph default
 very 
\emph on
hard
\emph default
 to 
\emph on
wait
\emph default
.” My jaw clenched a little.
 I'd probably need to avoid spending too much time even 
\emph on
near
\emph default
 Edward to obey his wishes.
 Maybe I'd fling myself into wedding planning and oust Alice.
 She'd be irked, but it wasn't 
\emph on
her
\emph default
 wedding.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Suddenly, Edward dropped to one knee before me and took both of my hands
 in his, clasping them together.
 I stared down at him.
 “Edward?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I want to do it properly,” he said in a low voice, and freeing one hand,
 he reached into his pocket and pulled out a little black satin-covered
 box.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How long have you had that?” I gasped.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Since my mother died.
 It was the one my father gave her,” he murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How long have you been carrying it around in your 
\emph on
pocket?
\emph default
” I clarified.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Since you said you loved me,” he said, looking up at me with those bronzed,
 darkening eyes.
 My lips parted slightly in shock.
 “I was waiting for the right moment,” he explained, a little sheepishly.
 “I'm sorry it's this moment, instead of some candlelit setting where I
 haven't just offended you by having failed to communicate...
 but I have to ask, Bella,” he said fervently.
 He didn't physically tremble with anxiety, but I could hear it in the cadences
 of his voice, that perfect voice...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He flicked the box open with his thumb.
 His mother's ring was a thing of ensnaring beauty, and my eyes locked onto
 it, watching the light catch fire in each tiny diamond latticed against
 the golden oval.
 The band was thin, delicate, barely enough to support the net of gems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you don't like it, I can get you something else,” he told me.
 It sounded like he found it very urgent that I like my ring, as though
 that could be an important deciding factor.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I like this one,” I said at once, and he smiled in relief and plucked it
 from the box.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Isabella Swan,” he whispered intensely, still gazing up at me, still holding
 my hands in one of his.
 I was suddenly and acutely aware that I was standing ten feet away from
 the corpse of an exsanguinated wolf, wearing torn jeans and a barely decent
 t-shirt, and spattered all over with blood.
 He didn't seem to care.
 “I love you.
 I will love you for every moment of eternity.
 Will you do me the honor of marrying me?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was nothing else to say
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward slid the ring onto the correct finger, beaming up at me more brilliantly
 than I'd ever seen.
 His smile was full of ecstatic victory.
 When the ring was in place, fitting perfectly, he bent his head forward
 and kissed it.
 And then he was on his feet instantly, arms around me, pulling me towards
 him with force that would have destroyed a human but that only felt secure
 and perfect and 
\emph on
right
\emph default
 to me.
 I hugged him back, careful as I could stand to be with my newborn strength;
 if I squeezed him too hard, he didn't complain.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He kissed me, and kissed me, and kissed me -- I heard a quiet purr in the
 back of his throat.
 I resigned myself to the fact that this would be all I'd get until my ring
 had a companion.
 But it was still wonderful -- still more than what I could have had unturned,
 when he'd had to exercise so much caution.
 I drank in the kisses greedily.
 All of forever wouldn't contain enough of them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We moseyed back to the house -- the main house, not our little cottage.
 He had expressed a desire to carry me across the threshold in the traditional
 manner, and I'd said, “Oh, well, as long as I'm waiting for everything
 else, may as well wait to see the house 
\emph on
too
\emph default
,” and he'd looked too thrilled for me to take it back.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When we got to the yard, Alice was waiting for us.
 I thought her grin would split her face open.
 “
\emph on
Bella!
\emph default
” she cried.
 “Come inside and try on your 
\emph on
dress!
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Had someone delivered it? I sniffed the air -- there was a mouthwatering
 scent that might have been the remnants of a brief visit from a human during
 my first hunt.
 Convenient timing, that he or she was gone.
 I took a fraction of a second to fight the urge to follow the lure, to
 hunt down its owner.
 I hoped it wouldn't cling to my wedding dress -- that it had been wrapped
 up in plastic or heavily starched or something, enough that it would smell
 only like itself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd spent a couple of hours, as a human, paging through bridal magazines
 with Alice so she wouldn't veer completely into left field when trying
 to select elements of the event.
 I'd pointed out elements of dresses I liked and didn't.
 But I wasn't prepared for the sheer perfection that was my own white gown.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice had it displayed in the front hall on a dressmaker's dummy.
 It had to be custom made.
 There wasn't a thread out of place or a bead I didn't approve of.
 Everything I would have wanted in a dress, if I'd decided to spend a month
 designing one, was there.
 A triangle of crisscrossing ribbons pointed down the low back.
 It had a wide strap over the right shoulder and left the other bare; there
 were no sleeves.
 The drapey, shimmery fabric gathered at a rosette at the left side of the
 waist.
 Rows of round, crystalline beads, glinting in every color up to and including
 my new favorite, bordered every carefully placed fold and edge, and clusters
 of them, rose-shaped, spiraled out from the rosette to a radius of a foot
 and a half.
 The skirt looked like it would be ankle-length on me -- I had made it clear
 to Alice that I did not approve of long dragging trains that would inevitably
 get dirty.
 It didn't have bulky extra layers or come with a jacket: it was clearly
 a 
\emph on
summer
\emph default
 wedding dress, for all that I could have crossed the Sahara in an anorak
 without experiencing discomfort.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alice, it's gorgeous,” I declared, and she smiled broadly at me.
 I noticed that Edward hadn't followed me in, suspected superstition about
 viewing the dress, and added in a louder voice that I meant to carry outside,
 “Edward! Just how likely is it that you're going to avoid seeing what it
 looks like in Alice's head until -- when will it be, Alice?” I inquired.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Next week,” she reported, entirely chipper.
 “Wednesday.
 I thought at first you'd ask Carlisle to perform the ceremony, but then
 you were going to decide that it'd make it look to your parents less like
 you suddenly eloped.
 So the official story is that you're bringing only me to witness and getting
 a court official to handle it, although really of course we're all going.
 To Ukraine, by the way, because we know your parents know how old 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 are and it would be easy to look up minimum age laws, but we can tell them
 Edward's just turned eighteen; his Forks paperwork has an early June birthday
 on it if anyone looks.
 I rented a plane so you don't have to be cooped up with humans.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Who is it who flies?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward,” Alice told me.
 “Emmett started, but he ate his instructor and we had to run.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Such charming family anecdotes we have,” I said, grimacing.
 “Edward, I really am very skeptical that you can avoid learning what this
 dress looks like until Wednesday! I'll give you a hint! It's white!”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I heard a low grumble from beyond the front door.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's not the dress itself you are traditionally not supposed to look at,
 anyway,” I said reasonably, “it's me 
\emph on
in
\emph default
 the dress 
\emph on
on
\emph default
 the day of the wedding.
 Come in, please?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The door opened, and in meandered Edward, looking oddly long-suffering.
 “You are the most persuasive creature on Earth,” he murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think anyone's told me that before,” I said thoughtfully.
 I sifted through misty recollections.
 “I need to read my notes; I don't like having to think so hard to remember
 things that happened when I was human.
 Alice, do I have to actually try on the dress? I'm sure if you ordered
 it, it fits perfectly.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Please put it on? For me?” pleaded Alice.
 She looked at me with huge eyes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are you sure this isn't the most persuasive creature on Earth?” I bantered
 to Edward, pointing a thumb at his sister.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She laughed.
 “You'll try it on.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tilted my head, wondering about the flimsiness of Alice's predictions,
 and her face fell.
 “Oh.
 Maybe you won't.” She looked so sad -- and then suddenly she lit up again
 -- and then she looked annoyed at me.
 “Stop changing your mind!” she demanded.
 “I can't use aspirin, you know!”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay, okay,” I said.
 “I'll try it.” I picked up the display dummy by the neck, carried it up
 the stairs, and headed for Alice's room again, since it was her request
 and I'd agreed to stay out of my cottage until Edward could carry me across
 the threshold.
 He was full of silly old-fashioned preferences like that -- but they added
 up to a certain aesthetic about the whole thing that I could learn to like,
 I supposed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was part of Edward; he wasn't going to stop being from 1901 no matter
 how much I rolled my eyes.
 If I pushed him into breaking or giving up a superstition or a cultural
 more from his origins, he might bend, he'd absolutely forgive me -- but
 I didn't 
\emph on
want
\emph default
 to abuse his willingness to make me happy like that.
 It would be immature, it would be 
\emph on
wrong
\emph default
, to traipse about running on every whim and every desire except the desire
 to make Edward happy simply because he'd settle for anything I threw his
 way.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And so, I reflected, as I shut Alice's door behind me, I'd be patient.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As patient as a newborn vampire could be.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Even a vampire has a little trouble reaching a zipper right in the middle
 of her back.
 But eventually I got dressed without making up my mind to request Alice's
 help, and so she didn't appear.
 I turned around in front of the full length mirror that Alice had set up
 in her room since I'd last visited it.
 The dress fit perfectly, and I liked the look of me in it, although I could
 have easily tolerated waiting a few days to admire myself if it hadn't
 been for Alice.
 I liked the look of practically everything.
 Colors were more vivid, textures were not only tangible but 
\emph on
visible
\emph default
, sounds from miles away could catch my ear with distinct edges and timbres,
 everything bore its own smell
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The clothes I'd changed from when I'd put on the ruined blue silk were still
 in Alice's room, and unlike Esme's clothes, they weren't ripped.
 (Such a track record I had with garments already.
 It was lucky that Alice would consider it an immense personal favor to
 her if I asked her to pick me up a few things.) However, they still bore
 my old human scent.
 I put the wedding dress back on its mannequin and picked them up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Bella-the-human smelled unbearably appetizing.
 My thirst flared to life as I moved the outfit through the air, wafting
 it towards my nose.
 All my control over myself was poised to snap; it held only because the
 desire had no direction.
 There was no Bella-the-human present to spring at, to tear open, to desiccate
 of life.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had smelled only 
\emph on
traces
\emph default
 of humans.
 My own clothes and the dissipating presence of whoever had delivered my
 dress.
 In neither case had there been an enticing heartbeat, a telltale sound
 of needful breath, or anywhere near the intensity of fragrance a live,
 present human would put out.
 I wasn't sure what I would do if I met one -- what I 
\emph on
could
\emph default
 do.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't think I could get all the way to Ukraine without meeting one.
 If nothing else, Alice had implied that the service would be conducted
 by a human.
 I didn't think the Cullens had any vampire friends there with the authority
 to officiate weddings that they'd just conveniently neglected to mention.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could hear Alice relating the story now, to some inquisitive future addition
 to the family: “Oh, we're all married.
 Except Edward and Bella.
 She ate the justice of the peace, and we had to run.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I closed my eyes and clenched my teeth.
 I brought my shirt up to my face.
 I took a deep breath.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
What do I want?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Blood.
 That wasn't even difficult to acknowledge.
 I'd known to expect it, and it manifested itself with a desperate intensity
 that overrode any discomfort with the notion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But not 
\emph on
just
\emph default
 blood.
 I wanted other things.
 I wanted to make it through my wedding without slaughtering any defenseless
 Ukrainians.
 I wanted to avoid attracting the Volturi with conspicuous mistakes.
 I wanted things unrelated to blood -- to be with Edward, to see the world,
 to learn things, to find a way to activate wolves and turn vampires as
 a life-preservation measure on a large scale without getting anyone killed
 or pissed off.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't 
\emph on
want to want
\emph default
 blood.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The problem was balance.
 My obedient, responsive vampire body didn't care all that much what I wanted
 to want.
 That wasn't the sort of impulse that called for my arm to extend or my
 foot to twist; no physical act would manage it.
 My muscles would seize what I 
\emph on
wanted seized
\emph default
, even if I hated the fact that I wanted it -- unless I could contradict
 that first want with another, stronger, object-level preference.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I breathed again.
 So luscious -- and worse for Edward, far worse -- and he'd resisted, hadn't
 swallowed the succulent blood from my dying body even given every opportunity.
 What had 
\emph on
he
\emph default
 wanted, more than that taste? More than the relief from that aching burn
 in his throat, fueled with every breath he took while I was near?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That I be alive, and happy, and not still and empty on the ground, of course.
 Once he knew me, once he loved me.
 But not at first.
 What had held him back when first we'd crossed paths? Why, after sitting
 through the most agonizing biology class of his life, had Edward not offered
 to escort me to my next class, led me astray, taken me out to the woods,
 and drained every drop?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Perhaps I ought to inquire.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I put on my tantalizing clothes, infused with insistently ambrosial Essence
 of Bella, and went to locate my fiancé.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward was still in the front hall; I could hear him talking to Alice before
 I'd gone down enough stairs to see either of them.
 He was confirming some detail about his own wedding outfit, using unfamiliar
 words that must have been technical tuxedo-related terms.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They heard my footsteps, although I walked very softly.
 “Bella!” exclaimed Alice, once my toes touched the first floor.
 “Do you like your dress?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's perfect, Alice,” I assured her.
 “Is there anything else I need to do in that vein?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She shook her head.
 “Everything's all set.
 There's not going to be cake and only a few flowers that I can get last-minute
 from a place in Ukraine.
 It can't look for the pictures like you planned this ahead of time, and
 we can't eat a cake.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You mentioned a cake, earlier,” I recalled, with some difficulty.
 “When you first asked to plan things...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It was possible then that you'd have gotten married, or taken pictures
 to make it look like you did, while still human, and 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 could have eaten a cake,” Alice explained.
 “Now you can't.
 Well, you could swallow pieces of cake, but you wouldn't like it.
 So we're skipping that.” She sighed.
 “It would have been fun to go shopping for a cake, though...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Actually, speaking of shopping,” I said.
 “My clothes all still smell like...
 me.
 I can live with that...
 but I'd rather not have to do it twenty-four hours a day.
 And it looks like I'm going to be destroying them pretty fast, so I'd feel
 bad about borrowing more from Esme.
 I was wondering if you'd mind going into town and getting me some things.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice was already nodding by the time I was halfway through the third sentence.
 Her grin was entirely too manic.
 I continued: “Normal clothes.
 That blue dress 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 pretty, but if I'm going to destroy things I'd rather destroy jeans and
 stuff, you know?” She pouted at me, and I rolled my eyes.
 “Why do you like putting me into such fancy clothes, anyway? You don't
 go around in evening gowns all the time yourself.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I mostly just like buying them,” she admitted sheepishly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Start a charity where you donate prom dresses to deserving high schoolers,
 or something,” I proposed.
 “But I want pants and shirts and whatnot -- you know what I wear.” She was
 still pouting.
 “They can be 
\emph on
nice
\emph default
 pants and shirts and whatnot,” I conceded, laughing a little, “if you 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 want.
 But I don't expect to attend a cocktail party any time soon.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay, fiiiine,” she grumbled, but there was a glint in her eye.
 “I'll be back in a few hours.” And with that she was out the door.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I turned to Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let's go look at the fjords,” I said.
 He nodded in assent, and we ran to the shore.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Fjords were more beautiful when they weren't stark, inaccessible features
 of the landscape.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was outrageously distractable, really.
 Having intended only to go to a private location to ask Edward potentially
 awkward questions, the first thing I did when confronted with a sheer cliff
 as a vampire was to swan-dive off of it, whooping with laughter all the
 way down.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I landed in the water, where I quit breathing.
 Inhaling water wouldn't do me harm, but it would mean I'd have to cough
 it up before I could breathe air normally again.
 I was less buoyant than I remembered being as a human; however, it was
 easy to stay at the surface of the water as I preferred just by kicking.
 I stroked easily over to the cliff and climbed up it, grabbing every handhold
 surely and scooping out my own when I felt like it.
 The rock came away easily when I clawed at it.
 It felt a little like packed brown sugar -- stiff, but readily yielding
 to pressure from my hands.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I reached the top in about six seconds.
 Edward was smiling indulgently at me.
 I swung myself up over the side and, soaking wet, lay down on the cliff
 edge in the sunshine to dry off.
 I looked up at him.
 “Oh, right,” I said.
 “I wanted to ask you something.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's that?” he asked, sitting down beside me and picking up my right
 hand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How did you avoid killing me, the first day we met?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's hands tightened around mine, and he didn't seem to like the question
 much.
 “Why do you want to talk about that?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have to know how to handle being around humans.
 You're the only one who's encountered a singer without killing -- and that's
 having tasted human blood before -- so your control is probably what I
 should be trying to emulate.
 I'll talk to Rosalie, too, since she was a newborn when she killed those
 people without eating any, so that's something.
 And Carlisle.
 But I wanted to start with you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He nodded slowly, appreciating the sense of the request, and closed his
 eyes.
 “I didn't get a whiff until you walked in front of the vent in the classroom,”
 he remembered.
 “For the first half second or so I was just...
 reeling.
 It was like nothing else.
 And then you looked at me.
 That saved you -- that I suddenly had to remember that you were a person
 -- and I could see my face reflected in your eyes.
 I looked like a monster.
 A monster I didn't want to be, that I was anyway.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward paused, reflecting.
 “You mentioned that in a vampire mind, there is room for emotions to expand,
 but that as long as you catch them before they do, they aren't very hard
 to deal with.
 When I first realized what you smelled like, my thoughts were too full
 of murder too quickly for me to control them, or do the sane thing and
 hold my breath.
 The only reason I didn't attack you instantly was because I was trying
 to come up with a way to do it without extending the collateral damage
 outside the students and the teacher in the one classroom.
 I was trying to choose a route to go by while I killed them all that wouldn't
 let anyone see me coming with enough time to scream.
 The need to destroy evidence is deeply ingrained -- I'd been following
 that rule for long enough, consistently enough, that it managed to stick.
 The more people I killed, the harder that would be to do.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Someone closed a folder, on the opposite side of me, and I got one breath
 of air that wasn't full of your scent,” he continued.
 He seemed to be shedding some of his discomfort with the story as I looked
 up at him, undisturbed, undamaged.
 “It gave me a second in which I could think clearly.
 I didn't want to disappoint Carlisle, to kill a room full of children,
 to destroy everything my family stood for, to undo a lifetime's worth of
 denial just because a stranger with horribly desirable blood had wandered
 into an unlikely town.
 I stopped breathing.
 It was the scent that was the problem -- I could remember it, and perfectly,
 but I didn't have to add to the temptation.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I asked, “Was that all? Getting ahold of yourself for a moment so you could
 hold your breath?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He shook his head.
 “I fought my way through that hour by focusing on everything but imagining
 how you'd taste.
 I -- This part is hard to talk about.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Tell me,” I insisted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I hated you,” he admitted, sounding like he was confessing sins to a priest.
 “I can barely imagine, now, but I did -- if I hated you, it was at least
 something to think about that didn't bring me closer to killing you.
 I imagine Rosalie will tell you something different.
 But she only killed, didn't drink, and hatred helped her draw that line.
 I didn't want you dead, exactly.
 I only hated what you caused in me.
 I thought I hated you, but really, what I hated was myself.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, accepting -- I knew he loved me in this moment; if he'd hated
 me for something I hadn't even done before we'd spoken a word, it didn't
 hurt me very much.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I was impatient for the hour to end,” Edward continued.
 “At this point I was imagining I'd get you by yourself, at least not kill
 so many -- but Mike Newton was aware of you, he would have paid attention
 if I'd led you off somewhere.
 So I made up my mind to wait two hours, cut my last class -- hid in my
 car.
 I was planning to go to your house after school; I knew your father wouldn't
 be home until later.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Right, I had a father -- I really should get to the computer soon, send
 him and Renée e-mails, maybe tell Gianna my news...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“When you weren't right there, and I could breathe air that didn't smell
 like you,” Edward continued, “I was saner, I could think more clearly.
 I thought perhaps I could just avoid you without fleeing, that I shouldn't
 have to rearrange my life, or disappoint Carlisle and hurt Esme.
 I'm still not sure if it was lucky or unlucky that Alice saw nothing.
 She was focused very carefully on Jasper that day, on his short term choices.
 He'd had a hard moment at lunch.
 And so when I'd been certain I'd kill you, she didn't see the aftermath.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I tried to change out of the biology class,” he went on.
 Even telling this story, about how he'd almost excised himself from my
 life and cut off the universe of wonder I now inhabited, his voice was
 beautiful.
 “It turned out not to be possible -- and then you walked in.
 That office is very small, kept very warm -- I couldn't not smell you,
 if I inhaled.
 I used the last of my air to excuse myself and bolted.
 The others were already in the car; once I had Alice's attention she saw
 one of two futures.
 You dead, or me, driving north, alone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I went north.
 Close to where the Denali family lives.
 I didn't actually visit them, although Tanya found me and we talked very
 briefly before I went back to Forks.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why did you go back?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was silent for a few seconds.
 Then, slowly, he said, “We have perfect recall -- not eidetic memories.
 We can call up what we noticed in the past, flawlessly -- things that pass
 without notice are lost.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why do you 
\emph on
think
\emph default
 you went back?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He considered, no doubt sifting through all the thoughts he'd noted at the
 time.
 “I think I wanted to prove myself to my family,” he murmured, “and to be
 the kind of person who wouldn't need to run.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I interlaced my fingers with his.
 “If that's what you wanted, nice work,” I said, gently.
 He still looked like the topic wasn't one he preferred, but his example
 was valuable, and if I didn't learn to handle myself, lives were in danger.
 Maybe not next week.
 If I had to, I could ask a Cullen to call in some old favor from a Denali,
 ask them to fly in and perform my ceremony far away from any humans.
 Posing, for photographic purposes, without Charlie prone to recognizing
 the face on the “minister”.
 But eventually, I'd have to be near humans, have to 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 sink my teeth into their throats.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm,” he said, noncommittally.
 “Anyway -- when I went to biology after coming back, and you'd changed
 seats, and when I heard the thoughts of the people you'd told about how
 I looked at you -- I panicked.
 I could barely form sentences to ask the teacher about it.
 I think I attributed it to curiosity at the time, although I know better
 now.
 I had wanted to talk to you.
 It drove me up the wall that I couldn't hear what you were thinking, that
 I had to guess.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think I loved you already, then.
 I couldn't stand the idea that I might have mishandled things badly enough
 that 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 would hate me.
 That 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 would take steps to avoid me.
 Disappointing Carlisle and Esme would be terrible, but they would forgive
 me, I knew that -- you, I had no idea.
 You could have disappeared entirely and never thought about me again and
 I couldn't bear the possibility when it confronted me like it did.
 I was rationalizing my reaction to that.
 I imagined you to be a suitable proxy for the average newcomer to Forks,
 that if you found me off-putting I wasn't doing my acting work properly.
 But if you'd been anyone else, some other singer, I think I'd have welcomed
 the avoidance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alice realized you were significant in more ways than the scent of your
 blood, that afternoon.
 I think you might have seen us arguing in the parking lot after school.
 She knew you'd be her friend, her sister -- she loved you already.
 She was certain that there was no way I'd be able to stay away from you.
 If you left somewhere, I'd follow.
 If I tried to leave myself, I'd always return.
 And of course she knew I loved you -- that was interesting, hearing it
 from Alice before I was aware of it myself.
 But she also knew that even if I couldn't stay away, I could be rejected.
 The word she used to describe you was `prickly'.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Prickly?” I giggled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's what she said.
 That there were thousands of futures where I ruined everything with some
 small mistake -- a lie, an interruption, a secret just a little too tantalizing
, an advance just a moment too soon.
 She said there was just barely a chance that you would tolerate me.” He
 related this with a faint humor.
 “If I toed the lines she laid out.
 I tried, very hard.
 I don't think I got it exactly right, but I guess I was within tolerances.”
 He lifted my hand to his lips and kissed my ring.
 “Albeit at one time Alice's visions went so wild that I begged her to intercede
 with you on my behalf.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I remembered that, in broad strokes; I couldn't call any specifics to mind.
 “And the rest is history,” I said, knowing there would be notes in my computer.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“More or less,” he acknowledged.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We talked for a few more hours, and then I decided it was time to try moose.
 Edward hunted with me, this time, and he had much better table manners:
 not a spot of blood anywhere on him.
 He'd even managed to keep it off his face, or maybe he'd used a swatch
 of fur as a napkin or something.
 I was just as spattered, and my clothes nearly as torn, as I had been with
 the wolf.
 I looked down at myself in exasperation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How do you do it?” I asked.
 I felt a little sloshy with blood; moose were very big.
 I'd drained mine, but I most definitely didn't want seconds.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Practice,” he said.
 “You'll get better at it over time.
 There's no special trick to it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sighed.
 “I'm going to go through so many clothes.
 Maybe I should start carrying peroxide with me when I hunt, so it won't
 stain...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alice is completely thrilled to serve as your personal shopper while you
 can't go into town,” Edward promised me.
 “Even when you tell her to stay away from the satin and organza and lace.
 And you aren't going to hurt our finances by being a messy eater.
 Don't give it a second thought.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All right, I'll just try to avoid wearing anything I'm particularly attached
 to, then,” I said.
 “It's lucky that Alice's taste is a bit off-center from mine.
 Unless she's really agonizing over every item and checking up on my reactions,
 I probably won't fall in love with her entire shopping trip.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Esme knows your aesthetics better, I suppose,” said Edward.
 “Judging by your reaction to the house.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “You've got a pretty good sense of my musical tastes, though,” I said.
 “I want to hear music, like this...” I waved at my ear.
 And then I stomped on the ground.
 “I keep letting time escape without reading my files! I keep being annoyed
 that I can't remember things, or that they're too difficult or dim or blurry,
 and I have a 
\emph on
solution
\emph default
, and I keep being 
\emph on
distracted
\emph default
, and what good are twenty-four hour days if I can be distracted for half
 of them by how pretty 
\emph on
colors
\emph default
 are?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, then, perhaps that should be next,” Edward said reasonably.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have to get clean, I'm covered in blood and moose spit and moose hair,”
 I growled.
 “Why do we not just open a butchering facility? Those usually slit the
 animals' throats anyway and drain the blood, don't they? No one would care
 what happened to the blood afterwards.
 We could just drink it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We've considered it,” Edward said, and he put his arm around my waist as
 we started walking back to the house.
 “It could be done, but one of us would have to be on site to retrieve the
 blood without arousing suspicion by asking a human employee for it.
 That means staying in one place as long as we want to use the facility,
 or at least within a close radius.
 Since we like to live fairly close to humans most of the time, that's untenable.
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That seemed like a solvable problem, if I thought about it -- but no, I
 had other things to do, and all the time in the world was suddenly looking
 like 
\emph on
not enough
\emph default
.
 “Ah,” I said, setting the problem aside for later, if the annoyance of
 hunting ever grew to the point where it was the best thing I could be doing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Back at the house, I showered, changed into one of the serviceable outfits
 Alice had brought home for me, and then I unpacked my computer.
 Someone, probably Esme (responsible for whipping the house into shape)
 or Jasper (resident electronics guy) had already set up Internet.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I composed e-mails.
 One to Renée, apologizing for my incommunicativity: “I've been the sickest
 I've ever been,” I said, not entirely untruthfully.
 “But Norway is amazing.
 I absolutely love it here.
 We're going to Ukraine next.” 
\emph on
Foreshadowing
\emph default
, I thought, and I chuckled softly to myself.
 Charlie got an almost identical message.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna was the other person I wanted to contact.
 And she got more information.
 Maybe, with me a vampire, she'd think I was an appropriate audience for
 more details.
 I told her I'd turned, that it had sucked but afterwards everything was
 awesome, that I was going to get married on Wednesday.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Then I read my entire folder full of compiled notes and diary entries.
 This took me about five hours; I could read nearly as fast as the computer
 could page through the document for me.
 Once I'd read through it all, I effortfully forced myself to retrieve as
 much as I could directly from memory to attach to each line from the documents.
 That took twelve hours.
 When I had finished all of this, my parents had both e-mailed me back with
 requests for pictures of fjords, and Alice had e-mailed me pictures of
 fjords.
 I attached the pictures to my replies to Renée and Charlie, yelled a thank-you
 to Alice, and then shut my laptop.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I found Rosalie lounging on a towel.
 On the roof.
 She was sunning herself; she couldn't hope to tan, but she could reflect
 tiny rainbows and set up a mirror to look at herself.
 I wandered around the house, wondering if she'd used a ladder or if there
 was a trellis or something, but found no convenient way to climb up.
 I might actually have been able to make the jump, but would probably have
 reflexively caught the roof's edge if I'd just barely missed a neat landing.
 So instead I climbed a tree and sprang from that vantage point towards
 my sister-in-law-to-be.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi, Bella,” said Rosalie, glancing at me as I landed on all fours beside
 her.
 Her face was neutral, so I didn't know if she still felt bad about having
 considered killing me, but I decided to bring it up anyway just in case.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I wanted to let you know that I don't blame you for what happened while
 I was turning,” I said, arranging myself into a sitting position and hugging
 my knees.
 “Please don't feel bad about it, whatever Edward says.
 I 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 ask.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie regarded me evenly.
 “I don't think he told you all of it,” she said, finally.
 “But I'm not going to, either.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Well...
 that was frustrating.
 But I did have other things to talk about with Rosalie, and did not want
 to spend the next thirty minutes running around and kicking things, so
 I told myself that Rosalie probably had a good reason to want to keep this
 to herself, whatever it was; that if I ever decided it mattered very much,
 Edward thought I was the most persuasive creature on Earth and knew all
 about it; and that regardless of the detail I'd missed, I was now alive
 and a vampire and in fine fettle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Once I'd managed to get that emotion under control, I said, “There was something
 else I wanted to talk to you about, too.” And I explained my project to
 learn from the best about how to prevent myself from eating anyone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie's reply was more or less what I'd expected.
 She had hated the men she'd killed -- well, not the guards, but they were
 protecting the one she'd hated most of all.
 She had not wanted to accept their blood as fuel.
 Rage and contempt and loathing had overwhelmed her thirst.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What about the people you'd have passed on the way to them?” I asked.
 “They lived in Rochester, it's not a tiny rural community.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I was very single-minded,” she told me.
 “I didn't focus on little sensations and tasks like you've been doing --
 I only wanted to do one thing.
 The other humans 
\emph on
were
\emph default
 tempting, but the death I wanted to deal for its own sake was 
\emph on
urgent
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Interesting.
 That was useful.
 If there was just something that I couldn't bear to 
\emph on
interrupt
\emph default
, maybe I could ignore humans whose consumption would distract me from completin
g it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That seemed to be all the wisdom she had to impart.
 I thanked her, and tumbled gracefully off the roof, spinning three times
 and landing on my feet without a stumble.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle was in his study, reading.
 His door was open, so I went right in, and he put down his book.
 “Hello, Bella.
 What is it?” he asked, looking at me in a very paternal manner.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I couldn't think how to feel about that.
 I 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 a father...
 on another continent who I hadn't grown up with and who I wouldn't be able
 to see in person for months, if not years, if 
\emph on
ever
\emph default
.
 I supposed I could start thinking of Carlisle as my father-in-law, just
 a little in advance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Come to think of it, hadn't Rosalie had living family when she'd been turned?
 Had she simply cut them off? What about Emmett? Edward's parents had died
 in the same plague that had nearly killed him -- but Esme's? Carlisle's
 relatives were surely long dead by 2005, and given the origin story I already
 knew for him, I didn't think they'd have received him well after he was
 a vampire.
 I didn't know about Jasper.
 Alice still had plans in the works, yet untouched, to dig up her origins
 from the information I'd funneled her from James, but she wouldn't remember
 any kin she found.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But Carlisle was looking at me expectantly, and I filed away those questions
 for later.
 “I'm trying to pick up tips on how to not eat anybody,” I told him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle's story began with self-revulsion and a series of suicide attempts,
 which he described in low, calm tones entirely unsuitable for tales of
 jumping from heights, trying to drown, and even seeking death by starvation.
 That last was what had led to the epiphany: he'd gotten thirsty enough
 that a passing herd of deer had compelled his feeding, and he'd found that
 they could sustain his life.
 Finding this preferable, he'd exercised sheer strength of will to gradually
 develop what amounted to an immunity to the temptation of human blood.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I stared at him.
 That was no help at all.
 I 
\emph on
loved
\emph default
 being a vampire.
 I couldn't look at my moonlit skin with disgust, I wasn't repulsed by my
 speed and power and beauty.
 A solution to the bloodlust that relied on self-directed speciesism was
 not the one for me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thanked Carlisle anyway, and made my exit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On Monday, it was decided -- Jasper the lone holdout against unanimity --
 that it was a good idea to test my ability to hold up around actual humans
 in a lower stakes situation.
 Demonstrating my lack of control, if it was going to be a problem, was
 better handled under friendly circumstances and not in a courthouse somewhere
 in Ukraine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Various ways of getting a test human to the house without arousing any suspicion
 were considered: requesting missionaries, ordering pizza, hiring a repairman
 for the master bathroom's sink.
 (It really 
\emph on
didn't
\emph default
 work, although Esme was capable of fixing it and had it on her list of
 improvements.) Eventually it was decided that none of these were sufficiently
 anonymous if things did...
 go wrong.
 The address of the last known destination of the deceased, should I eat
 our visitor, would be on record.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Until Jasper mentioned it, no one considered the possibility that I'd lunge
 for the human and be restrained successfully.
 I was stronger than any of the others, even Emmett, in my newborn year.
 While it was feasible to restrain newborns anyway, the techniques known
 all involved things like ripping their arms off.
 (Jasper's mood alteration could help, and I authorized him to use it if
 I looked dangerously lunge-y, but it was not powerful enough to even slow
 me down if I got going.) I was all for whatever newborn-wrangling tricks
 were available as an alternative to murder, especially since detached vampire
 limbs could be put back.
 But Edward snarled when Jasper made the suggestion.
 I couldn't calm him down until all of the others promised that I was not
 to be dismembered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward, do you think I am going to try to eat my experimental subject?”
 I asked testily.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, of course not, love,” he said soothingly, switching instantly into
 reassurance.
 He patted my hand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay, so if I'm not going to try to eat him or her, then it doesn't matter
 what would happen if I did try, right?” I said reasonably.
 I wasn't so confident in myself, and wanted the precautions so that I could
 be stopped in the worst case.
 But if he was convinced I was perfectly self-controlled, then I could reason
 the same result out of him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward scowled at Jasper, who must have been thinking some unapproved thought.
 “Bella, I have to listen to them thinking it, if they're planning to do
 any of those things,” he said.
 “I have to 
\emph on
see
\emph default
 it
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I remembered his roar at Rosalie.
 “So get out of range, don't watch,” I said.
 “I don't want to kill anyone.
 If I have to spend four seconds without one or both arms to not kill anyone,
 then that is 
\emph on
better than killing someone
\emph default
.
 If you can't stand being aware of that happening to me, then don't.
 But it is too important that I leave our visitor alive.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward hated the idea, but with the situation presented this way, he reluctantly
 acknowledged that, in fact, it 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 a poor choice to increase the risk of my killing my first sapient snack.
 He didn't protest further while Jasper told the others how to incapacitate
 me if I went for the human's throat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The discussion returned to the provenance of the guinea pig.
 Eventually, we agreed that Alice should run out to a highway and pretend
 to need a ride home.
 She invented an elaborate little story about how her car had been stolen,
 full of narrative filigree and affected sad faces, which would probably
 convince anyone who stopped for her in the first place.
 Alice was the right choice for the job because she could see who was coming
 and reject cars with more than one occupant, keeping the scale as minimal
 as possible.
 She was also small and cute and could look helpless more readily than most
 of us.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A small part of me was screaming that this wasn't right, that if I 
\emph on
needed
\emph default
 to do a test than I oughtn't do a test, that I couldn't risk some stranger's
 life just so I could have my wedding a particular way and participate in
 society a little sooner, that it could wait
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It could wait, that was certain.
 I could continue to live in the middle of nowhere in Norway for a decade
 without ever seeing a human, if I liked.
 I could ask a Denali vampire to fly in and perform the ceremony.
 For that matter, I was pretty sure I could wear Edward down if I had to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But in order for me to ever safely walk into a human society -- if I wanted
 to go to college, or buy my own clothes, or have a proper tour of Europe
 instead of just the uninhabited parts
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Then I needed to do something like what I was doing.
 I couldn't just drive into Oslo and get out of the car and 
\emph on
then
\emph default
 discover, oops, I'm going to massacre that traffic jam full of tinned treats.
 Meeting one human in an isolated location, surrounded by more controlled
 vampires who would keep me in check if need be, was the safest way to test
 my limits.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The timing was still not forced.
 It didn't have to be this day.
 But Alice was as certain as she ever was of anything that I would be okay,
 and that decided me.
 Alice was never perfectly reliable, but at her surest, she 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 more likely to be right than guesses based on how long I'd been a vampire.
 She'd thought Emmett was all right, going to the last flying lesson his
 instructor ever taught, and he'd been past the newborn stage.
 If she thought I was all right now, then doing the test now wasn't significantl
y less safe than doing it in 2015.
 Since there were small reasons of convenience and preference that made
 me want to join the world sooner rather than later...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I closed my eyes and focused my thoughts on my strategies.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's: hate the monster that feeding would make me, refuse to be that
 creature.
 Focus on everything but contemplating the taste.
 I had voluntarily cut culinary pleasures out of my life in exchange for
 the benefits of vampirism, and must not dwell on the loss.
 Must hold my breath.
 (Although I should take one small breath, when I thought I had hold of
 myself -- I didn't know if I could get through all the vows in one lungful
 of air.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie's: Urgently, intensely want something that wasn't compatible with
 drinking the human's blood.
 I was good at that sort of thing.
 What did I want...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted to see my mother again.
 I knew it was only an outside chance that I'd be able to do it under the
 best circumstances -- she'd know at once that I'd changed, when she saw
 me, and that wasn't safe for either of us -- but if it ever became possible,
 I wanted to be able to go to her.
 If I ever ate anyone, even less than a week after turning, I'd never trust
 myself around any humans I cared about.
 Same with my father.
 If there was any possibility that they could be part of my life, properly,
 then I wanted to preserve that chance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wasn't too keen on the possibility of having my arms ripped off.
 I'd like to avoid that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted whatever hapless person Alice brought home to return to his or
 her family tonight, with no idea that they'd been in danger.
 I focused on imaginary characteristics of the person, knowing they were
 fictitious but finding them helpful anchors.
 Maybe she'd bring a mother of four, on her way home from buying the vanilla
 she needed to make her eldest a birthday cake.
 That vanilla needed to go in that cake and if I ate the poor lady, it never
 would.
 In fact, even if I didn't eat her, and she just saw something incriminating,
 she might not be safe -- although if she didn't tell anyone, maybe it would
 be okay.
 But I shouldn't think that, shouldn't give myself leeway like that: she
 must not even 
\emph on
see
\emph default
 anything remarkable about my behavior.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted a perfect record.
 Jasper had a hard time even with intact humans -- everyone except Carlisle
 was iffy around exposed blood.
 If I failed this time, then it would be harder every occasion in the future.
 Getting it right every time was really the 
\emph on
easiest
\emph default
 thing to do, no matter how hard it seemed once there was a living breathing
 human standing in front of me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted control of myself.
 I wanted to, without Jasper's emotional help or physical restraint, to
 behave in the fashion I 
\emph on
chose
\emph default
 to behave.
 I wanted freedom from my instincts except when I endorsed their directives.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Was that enough? I cast about for other things to add, anything that could
 bolster my resolve.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't want to disappoint my family.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd started, tentatively, to think of them that way -- my parents-in-law,
 my sisters, my brothers.
 My fiancé.
 I knew how they managed Jasper, I knew that they loved him in spite of
 his need to take such care.
 But I didn't want Edward to look at me the way Alice looked at Jasper when
 they were among humans.
 I wanted to be able to race around the world without needing to be babysat
 or worried about, without avoiding population centers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sucked in a breath and conjured a vivid mental image of the Cullens --
 
\emph on
my family
\emph default
 -- huddled around me, talking over each other in their eagerness to congratulat
e me for controlling myself so young, all of them full of pride and excitement.
 The smug grin Alice would wear, the vicarious fraternal joy in Emmett's
 laugh.
 Esme's warmly expressed delight, twin to Carlisle's quiet approval.
 Rosalie's wordless, wry acknowledgement and Jasper's envy.
 Edward's radiant admiration.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted 
\emph on
that
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alice is on her way,” whispered Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme fetched me a pair of brown contact lenses.
 “It's not quite your own brown, but they won't know that,” she assured
 me quietly.
 “The contacts won't hurt but they will be annoying -- there are imperfections
 in the lens and you'll be able to see them.
 They'll dissolve after a few hours but will last long enough.” I popped
 the little hemispheres into my eyes, interested to discover that I no longer
 had any impulse to flinch away from objects approaching them.
 Little flaws in the contacts drew my vision and my eyes refocused disorientingl
y; I blinked.
 I could see past them well enough to function, although I wouldn't want
 to try anything fancy with them in.
 Esme also handed me a water bottle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Everyone tensed up, waiting for the human, ready to take me apart if I made
 a wrong move.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I held my breath.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice was saying something in Norwegian, outside the house.
 I hadn't started learning the language yet except a few phrasebook entries,
 having been too distracted by everything.
 I presumed she was trying to invite the person who'd picked her up in for
 a beverage or some similarly plausible.
 A voice -- a man's, thin and lively, tried several times to demur, but
 she insisted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The door swung open and she pulled him inside.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked at the human, blinking a few times in a reflexive attempt to rid
 my eyes of their obstructions.
 I could hear his heartbeat, his breath.
 The sounds signaled “food” -- but weren't that unlike the pulse or panting
 of a non-human animal.
 The speed was a little different, but those things varied between species
 anyway.
 Without the smell, it was like he was something in Tupperware in the fridge
 -- clearly edible just based on the package he came in, but not demanding
 that I pounce on him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
He's a person
\emph default
, I reminded myself.
 Before I took a breath, I used a little of my air, to ask Edward at a pitch
 the visitor wouldn't hear, too fast for him to see my lips move: “What's
 his name?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Nils,” Edward replied, similarly unobtrusively.
 Okay.
 The not-to-be-eaten man had a name.
 Hopefully that would make it easier.
 Alice showed Nils into the kitchen, poured him a glass of water and one
 for herself.
 They made awkward small talk in Norwegian.
 He looked curiously at us, Alice's strangely still and silent relatives;
 Emmett, the clown, waved at him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I made full use of my immensely parallel brain to fix in my mind his name,
 my competing desires, and everything else I could use to hedge out the
 thought of drinking Nils's blood.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sucked in a tiny wisp of air.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was like inhaling flames.
 My throat erupted in heat and thirst.
 Venom filled my mouth, coated my tongue, demanded to be used for its incapacita
ting purpose against my natural prey.
 It hurt, I could have swallowed a hot poker and felt no worse, and the
 relief was 
\emph on
right
\emph default
 there, pulsing through the human's arteries -- 
\emph on
Nils
\emph default
, I forced myself to think, 
\emph on
he has a name, he probably has a loving family, I 
\emph default
don't want
\emph on
 to eat him, I 
\emph default
don't want
\emph on
 it
\emph default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I brought my water to my lips too fast, heedless of the need to act human
 while near one.
 Holding my lungs still, I washed the venom away.
 It replaced itself, but more slowly, and I took another gulp to clear it.
 My throat wasn't cooled at all.
 It still felt flayed and charred and in need of the balm that I could only
 get from one source.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I want to get married on Wednesday in Ukraine
\emph default
, I screamed at myself desperately.
 
\emph on
I want to see Renée and Charlie.
 I want Nils to go home to his loved ones.
 I want to be in control, I want to be perfect at this, I want my family
 to be proud of me.
 I want that more than this, more than this, more than this, I can't have
 them both, I don't want the blood
\emph default
 enough
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I let another tiny gasp pass my gritted teeth.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Like swallowing molten iron.
 The desire for soothing blood flooded my senses; I didn't quite experience
 tunnel vision, but everything except the experience of my parched throat
 was irrelevant, passed without notice -- not significant enough to be embedded
 in my perfect recall.
 I had my thoughts and my thirst.
 That was all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I do not want to eat him
\emph default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Oh
\emph default
, insinuated the charming little voice of vampire instinct,
\emph on
 but everything is set up to make it safe for you to have a sip.
 No harm will come to you if you just taste, it will taste so 
\emph default
good
\emph on
, you know they will all forgive you, you know you might have to communicate
 with your family over the Internet only anyway, it will hardly change a
 thing...
 You know you want it...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A little whining sound squeaked out of me, but I hadn't moved from my seat.
 Nils was starting to look very uncomfortable; he clearly wanted to leave.
 I took another swallow of water and rinsed away the latest welling of venom.
 I took another breath of air.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Fire, again.
 But I knew what to expect with this breath.
 It was not getting 
\emph on
worse
\emph default
.
 And I hadn't eaten him yet.
 I couldn't relax -- but, holding myself rigid and fighting my urges with
 every passing moment, I could hold still.
 I could avoid leaping across the room at Nils and 
\emph on
don't think about the taste
\emph default
 preventing him from going home to his family.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice stopped urging him to stay.
 He put his water glass in the sink and started making his way towards the
 door, looking uncomfortably at us.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One more useful test, to see if I could not only be in the same room as
 a human but have a wedding performed by one.
 Which would involve uttering words, and looking pretty in pictures rather
 than tortured and struggling.
 I finished off the water in my bottle, filled my lungs with scorching air.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I smiled at Nils, monitoring every facial muscle that I had control over
 to make the expression natural-looking instead of a forced grimace.
 “
\emph on
Farvel!
\emph default
” I said.
 One of the phrasebook bits -- “goodbye”.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Farvel
\emph default
,” he replied, looking no less puzzled.
 He let himself out.
 I heard every one of his footsteps as he made his way to his car.
 I heard his heartbeat, rapid with nervousness.
 I heard his car door open, and slam, and his engine start up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I waited to relax until I couldn't hear the car anymore.
 Everyone else waited to relax until I did.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As soon as I sighed with relief and settled into a more neutral standing
 position, Edward enveloped me in an intense hug.
 “
\emph on
Bella
\emph default
,” he exclaimed.
 He sounded just as dazzled by my performance as I'd imagined.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I leaned into him and inhaled his soothing non-food scent.
 “I'm okay,” I breathed, confirming it to myself as much as to everyone
 else.
 “I'm really okay.”
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
