#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{14}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Honeymoon
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I did not eat anyone on the way to Ukraine.
 We left early, so I'd have time to fill up on animal blood as soon before
 the ceremony as possible.
 While the others checked into a hotel in town, Edward rented a car and
 drove me to a sufficiently human-free forested area in the middle of the
 night, scouted ahead to make sure that there wasn't anyone about while
 I waited in the car, and then gave me the go-ahead.
 I ate two elk, a lynx, and a wild boar.
 (I found I liked the boar more than I had other animals, for some reason.
 It had the same icky tang to it that they all did, but I was able to interpret
 it as being more like yogurt or sour cream than actual spoilage, to borrow
 a human food analogy.) By the end of this feast I felt bloated and sloshy
 with all the excess blood -- I felt like doing anything but eating.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the hotel, there were smells of humans everywhere, but I didn't have
 to get close to anyone.
 I focused on the way Edward's hand felt in mine as we made our way back
 to our rooms in the wee hours of the morning, and did not devour the night
 doorman, or any of our neighbors.
 The traces the humans left in the room made the air dry and thirst-inducing,
 but it was like Death Valley in the summer, not the interior of an active
 incinerator.
 Unpleasant, but tolerable, almost ignoreable, especially when I was so
 full.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We didn't sleep or ever urgently need the bathroom, so we were in two adjacent
 rooms instead of spreading out over several -- a girls' room where Alice
 and Esme and Rosalie (mostly Alice) fussed over me, and a guys' room where
 the others stayed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I heard Emmett and Jasper badgering Edward into having a bachelor party
 at around three a.m.
 I furrowed my brow, wondering what they'd do, but then shrugged to myself.
 It wasn't like Edward would look twice at anyone else, even if they 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 hire strippers for some unfathomable reason.
 He was 
\emph on
all
\emph default
 mine.
 I purred quietly, contemplating this fact.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice apparently knew better than to drag me to any human-filled place for
 a bachelorette party I did not want, but she insisted on curling my hair.
 She piled it up in a cascade of elegantly ironed ringlets on the top of
 my head, secured with about six pounds of bobby pins.
 Most makeup was impossible, since nothing would stick to vampire skin if
 we didn't hold our faces in perfect stillness to avoid cracking paint or
 dislodging clingy powder.
 But mascara 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 usable -- eyelashes, like other hair, were unaffected except for growing
 more slowly.
 Alice pleaded with me to let her dab a little bit on.
 I thought it looked silly, gilt on the lily of my new face, but let her
 do it.
 Maybe it distracted from the sleepy shadows under my eyes.
 (I never felt tired -- just looked like I could use a night's sleep, like
 all of us vampires did.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Once I'd been pinned and painted to her satisfaction, she smoothed down
 her own dark spikes.
 Then she braided up Rosalie and Esme, coiling the expertly woven plaits
 into buns affixed to the backs of their heads with more bobby pins from
 her endless supply.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward and the others of his room left for our appointment first, so I could
 get into my dress after he was out of mindreading range and reduce the
 risk of his silly superstition bothering him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice, ever eager to organize fancy things, had set everything up.
 We were meeting an official who'd conduct the service in a picturesque
 empty steppe, as well as a photographer -- the open air would help me tolerate
 proximity to the humans.
 I had a bouquet, and so did Alice, Rosalie, and Esme (my bridesmaids --
 well, technically, bridesmatrons, not that anyone ever used that word.)
 Alice had gotten them dresses, too.
 Gold -- like the eyes I hoped to achieve through a scrupulous “vegetarian”
 diet.
 I was wearing brown contact lenses again to avoid spooking our celebrant.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was no aisle, but Alice had scared up a privacy screen thing from
 somewhere, and set it up in the middle of the grass.
 With Edward and the human standing some twenty feet away, the rest of us
 huddled behind the barrier so we could emerge as we were supposed to.
 The bridesmaids and groomsmen (neither Edward nor I had designated a specific
 maid of honor or best man) went first, pairwise: Esme and Carlisle, Rosalie
 and Emmett, and Alice and Jasper.
 I heard the photographer's camera clicking as he caught snapshots.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My father was not present, and I'd declined to have Carlisle walk me down
 the “aisle”.
 That meant I was alone.
 I was brimful with nerves -- 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\emph on
aaaaaah I'm getting married what would Renée say
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 -- but nerves were not thirst.
 Anything but thirst was good.
 I took a deep breath of relatively human-free air, shielded from their
 scents by the screen.
 I took one long stride past its edge and turned towards the place where
 I would be wed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward looked stunning.
 He was so supernally, exultantly happy -- I'd seen him smile like that
 
\emph on
once
\emph default
 when I'd agreed to marry him, and there it was again, and there was nothing
 else in the world, not even the warm heartbeats of the photographer and
 the celebrant.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I managed not to break into a run.
 I took long, but measured, steps towards him, feeling my face split into
 a grin of my own.
 In what seemed like an age, but was really seconds, I was in my designated
 place, on the side where my bridesmaids fanned out.
 Edward took my hands in his.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The service was in Ukrainian.
 I'd read through a phrasebook, again, and memorized what I'd need to say
 when, but the recitation -- whatever the local equivalent was for “We are
 gathered here today...” -- entered my ears without my comprehending more than
 the occasional word and our names.
 It would have even if it'd been in English, most likely; my eyes were fixed
 on Edward, my mind was full of Edward, I was listening to him breathe and
 clutching his fingers in mine.
 The celebrant was beneath notice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I said my lines when cued.
 They used up my air; I drew in another breath, focusing on Edward's scent
 over the humans'.
 Glee over my imminent marriage chased out the impulse to dart to my left
 and bite into the man's jugular.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward spoke his own piece with triumphant emphasis.
 I lifted my hand when it came time, and he added the wedding band to the
 engagement ring: a delicate torus of gold, also his mother's, thin and
 slight enough to tuck under the wide lattice of diamonds.
 It, too, fit perfectly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The celebrant, all but forgotten in my rush of euphoria, said the words
 that I knew were Ukrainian for, “You may kiss the bride.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward pounced on me as though it didn't matter if the humans saw his improbable
 speed, as though no one was watching at all, as though the only things
 in the universe were me and him and the fact that it was now time for us
 to be kissing.
 His old-fashioned restraint was properly obviated in matrimony; and I was
 safe to kiss; and I clutched at him with just enough caution to avoid gouging
 holes in him but he didn't protest, just held me tighter
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett.
 Of course Emmett would 
\emph on
whistle
\emph default
.
 Edward and I broke apart, matching growls in our throats too low for the
 celebrant to hear.
 The human looked indulgent, like he saw this sort of thing all the time.
 He had no idea.
 Humans would explode if they felt like this.
 
\emph on
Edward
\emph default
 looked about to explode, so suffused with victory and satisfaction was
 he.
 I might burst myself.
 I'd loved him human, if anything humans felt deserved the word, but not
 like this.
 No heart also burdened with the task of beating could take it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I kissed him again; I couldn't resist and he didn't try.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually we had to interrupt ourselves again, to stand in photographer-dictate
d arrangements.
 We photographed every possible combination.
 Me and Edward, me and all the bridesmaids, Edward and all the groomsmen,
 me and Alice with and without Edward (for recipients of only partial truth),
 the entire wedding party together, each pair of the others.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The celebrant and the photographer had arrived separately, in their own
 cars.
 They bade us goodbye and were on their respective ways, the latter with
 a promise to send all the photographs in both physical and digital formats
 as requested.
 (Edward translated, bending to whisper against my ear, and almost before
 he finished his sentence I spun in his arms to kiss him again.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When they were gone, there was no human anywhere in view.
 I plucked my contacts gently out of my eyes and dropped them on the ground,
 then turned back to my husband.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Dance with me,” I whispered to Edward, and then we spun, full of grace,
 placing our feet in flawless rhythm on the steppe, whirling in sync like
 figurines in a music box.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We had almost two perfect weeks before disaster struck.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For our honeymoon, Esme loaned us her private island off the coast of Brazil.
 It had been a gift to her from Carlisle, but stood empty most of the time.
 The small airplane that Edward had rented to get us to and from Ukraine
 couldn't be trusted to get across the Atlantic Ocean without a stop, and
 I didn't want to spend an overnight flight in a passenger jet full of humans.
 We could have swum, but it would have taken a long time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So Edward took a passenger flight and I went in his luggage.
 He was nervous about the plan, thinking I might have some bad associations
 with traveling in cargo holds, but it was a very different situation.
 I was in a giant suitcase, with books to read (quite able to see them in
 the dark), not in need of food or water or sleep or fresh air, not squishy
 enough to be made uncomfortable by lumps under me or weights over me, not
 crampable by awkward poses.
 Most importantly, I wasn't the captive of a creature with many times my
 strength who was taking me to Italy whether I liked it or not.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The suitcase was searched at every stop -- of course; I'd make any x-ray
 machine they put me through go haywire -- but we'd prepared for that eventualit
y.
 I held perfectly still, didn't breathe, kept my eyes closed, and had a
 tag around my wrist that labeled me (in Norwegian, English, and Portuguese)
 “
\emph on
Untitled
\emph default
: Mixed Media.
 2004.
 Anonymous artist.” I could feel hot, damp hands poking at me, fumbling for
 the tag.
 I heard them zip up the suitcase again.
 The time I was investigated during our stop Stateside, I heard some confused
 mumbles about why such a pretty statue was being transported without any
 packing peanuts and in the same bag as a set of assorted language primers
 and a box of contact lenses.
 I didn't think this inquisitiveness would go anywhere untoward.
 I probably wasn't even the strangest-looking thing they'd seen that month.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward picked me and our other bags off the carousel in Rio de Janeiro;
 in the suitcase, I popped my contact lenses in.
 I was finally unpacked after he'd rented a car and stashed the other items
 in the trunk; he let me out at a moment when no one was looking and I unfolded
 myself into the passenger seat.
 Promptly, Edward kissed me, which was not at all unwelcome.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually we remembered that we had somewhere to be and he drove to the
 docks.
 He found a place to stash the car which would let him leave it there for
 the extended duration he wanted, and then we divided our belongings between
 us and I followed him to a sleek white boat that floated among other, clunkier
 craft.
 I didn't know how to drive the thing, but I watched Edward pilot it skillfully
 out into the water and picked up on approximately what he was doing, under
 what circumstances, and how the boat reacted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The trip took just under an hour.
 The sun came up soon after the lights of Rio were pinpricks in the distance
 -- no one could see us.
 I watched my skin shimmer as I lazed idly in the boat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Isle Esme came into view.
 It was a tiny island, a low beach trailing out into the water on one side
 and swaying palms on the other.
 Our boat drew up to the bleached wood of the docks, where Edward tied off.
 He swung our bags out onto the planks and then scooped me into his arms.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This is Esme's island, not ours,” I pointed out.
 “You don't 
\emph on
have
\emph default
 to carry me over this particular threshhold.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm just being thorough,” said Edward gallantly, positioning my weight
 over one arm and scooping up the trunks with the other.
 I shrugged and didn't protest as he carried me up a winding path to the
 island's house.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a big, pale house, with all the glass and white carpeting characteristic
 of Esme's preferences in architecture.
 I imagined Carlisle bringing Esme here for the first time, presenting her
 with a tumbled-down ramshackle toy, and her setting to work outfitting
 it with everything she wanted.
 Edward took one final triumphant stride through the wide-open front doors.
 “Here we are, Mrs.
 Cullen,” he said, savoring my appended name like it was a piece of candy.
 Candy made out of blood, I amended in my head as the analogy floundered.
 He set the suitcases on the floor.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are you planning to put me down?” I asked mirthfully.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hmmm,” he said, in mock thoughtfulness.
 “Not just yet, I think.” I let him carry me through the house -- it was
 rather large for such a small island -- and into a big white room with
 a big white bed.
 Everything was lit by late sunrise that streamed in through the glass eastern
 wall.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I smirked at Edward, raised an eyebrow, and lifted my left hand to let the
 twin rings flash.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Among the enhanced vampire senses is touch.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually, a few days later, we had to hunt.
 Well, I did, constant newborn thirst working against me -- Edward could
 have waited another week.
 He suggested going to the mainland, but I didn't want to take any unnecessary
 risks with being near humans if I didn't have to, for all that he said
 I was handling them brilliantly for my age.
 Instead, we swam, looking for aquatic lunches.
 I ate most of a killer whale, finding the giant creature's supply of blood
 a little too much to consume in one sitting; Edward polished it off for
 me and then added a small basking shark.
 Hunting underwater was interestingly different, and the whale was even
 tastier than the wild boar had been (as animal fare went).
 Edward assured me when I mentioned this that they were probably available
 near Norway as well, having a wide range of habitat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then we went back to the island.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We didn't have to breathe, we didn't have to rest, we rarely needed to eat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Being a vampire was very...
 
\emph on
very
\emph default
...
 nice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward promised me that it wouldn't bother Esme that some of her furniture
 would need replacing.
 We arranged to be out, swimming around in the warm water, when the cleaning
 crews came through to pick up the remains of feather pillows and the splinters
 of bedframes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Twelve days after we'd arrived on the island, several things happened.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First, my new cellphone rang.
 Alice had flung it at me after we'd stopped in Norway after the wedding,
 and promised to keep my parents off my back as long as she could.
 I told her that if they became truly panicked she was to give them the
 number, if she really had to.
 And so when it rang, I growled and interrupted what I was doing to answer
 it.
 “Hello?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hello.
 Can I speak to Bella, please?” growled Charlie's voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Of course.
 I sounded different.
 How had I not thought of that? I tried to adjust the pitch and harshness
 of my voice, tried to remember what I'd sounded like before it had been
 turned into chimes.
 “It's me, Dad.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
\noun on
Isabella Marie Swan!
\emph default
\noun default
” roared Charlie, apparently willing to accept the faked voice as my own.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Isabella Marie Swan 
\emph on
Cullen
\emph default
,” I corrected him.
 “Alice was supposed to tell you
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” How would I have felt about this if I were who Charlie thought I was?
 Embarrassed, I guessed, but with a Renée-like enthusiasm for my new direction
 in life -- though Charlie could never know how permanent this change in
 course would be.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't want to talk to Alice!” shouted Charlie.
 “I wanted to talk to 
\emph on
you!
\emph default
 You -- you -- you -- 
\emph on
eloped!
\emph default
 You're seventeen!”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah, we had to go to Ukraine to get married because of that -- Dad, I
 knew you'd never give us permission, but Dad, we're so happy, please forgive
 me,” I pleaded.
 “
\emph on
I'm
\emph default
 so happy.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie growled incoherently into the receiver for a few minutes, and I
 listened half-patiently for him to formulate another protest.
 Finally he said, “Your mother has never even 
\emph on
met
\emph default
 Edward.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We'll try to find a chance to visit her soon,” I promised.
 If I put it off till the winter, bought her tickets to Norway, and broke
 the heater in the house, I could perhaps have an excuse to bundle up enough
 that my changes wouldn't look so visible.
 Then Renée would be cold, but none the wiser -- maybe.
 Or maybe Alice would see her understanding, accepting, turning
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie was ranting again.
 “It's astonishing, you know how Renée feels about early marriage, but she
 was talking about how you're an `old soul' and know what's best.
 I was expecting her to lay into you, but she's apparently content to wait
 for you to call her.
 But 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 want to know if you're coming home.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm in the middle of my honeymoon, Dad,” I told him.
 “And then there's the rest of the tour of Europe.
 That wasn't made up.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What about after that?” he insisted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't really know, Dad,” I admitted.
 “I was thinking I might want to go to college early, with Edward.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, Bells,” sighed Charlie, voice full of unaccustomed emotion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You'll be okay without me,” I encouraged waveringly.
 “You were okay without me before.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I already miss you,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I miss you too, Dad,” I choked, unable to cry.
 “I love you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Love you too, Bells,” he sighed.
 “Have...
 have a good honeymoon.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I will,” I promised.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I love you,” Charlie said again, and he hung up the phone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward hugged me as I flipped my cell shut.
 I sighed.
 “I assume you've already tried every form of makeup in existence and there
 is nothing that would make me look human,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not if you want to move around,” he said regretfully.
 “Anything that sticks, cracks.
 Anything that doesn't crack, won't stick.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What about a thin layer of Sculpey or something...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward shook his head.
 “Stretches unnaturally under stress.
 You could cover up everything but your face with clothes, but there's no
 way anyone you've met before would believe you suddenly prefer to wear
 a burqa.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I growled, and Edward petted me soothingly, and after a few minutes I permitted
 the distraction and we were back where we had been.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Second, my new cellphone rang again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A less than coherent snarl escaped my throat as I sat up and lunged hatefully
 for the device.
 “Hello?” I said as musically as ever.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” said a woman's voice, quietly, urgently.
 Familiar, but not instantly placed -- I must have known her only as a human
 -- who was she? I thought about who Alice might have agreed to put through
 to me, who the voice sounded like
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Gianna?” I asked incredulously.
 “What is it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, I'm so sorry to ask, I hate to do it -- but can you send someone
 to Italy?” asked Gianna in a thin whisper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't understand -- why?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think they're going to kill me, Bella,” she murmured.
 And then the call suddenly cut off, leaving static in its wake.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked at Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did you hear that?” I asked him quietly, and he nodded, looking grave.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think we can save her, Bella,” he told me.
 “Her days were numbered anyway.
 I thought they were going to keep her longer than this, maybe until next
 year, but they were never planning to 
\emph on
keep
\emph default
 her like she hoped.” He guessed, correctly, that under the circumstances
 I would waive my discomfort with hearing Gianna's thoughts in the hopes
 of learning something that could help -- even though he clearly didn't
 have much confidence in the possibility.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I need to try,” I told him.
 Gianna must have precious few contacts outside of the Volturi.
 She knew I'd become a vampire, but didn't know I was an uncommonly controlled
 newborn, one who could most likely avoid devouring her.
 If she could have gotten ahold of anyone except me, surely she'd have tried.
 But it seemed she expected me to ask a family member to go.
 But she could have made that request through Alice.
 What was going on?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided to call Alice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice called me, and I picked up.
 “Hi, Bella,” she said.
 “Did Gianna call you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I replied.
 “She thinks the Volturi are going to kill her, I don't know how to help
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're going to get another call,” said Alice.
 “Aro sent you a letter here in the Norway house -- and a present -- I didn't
 think it was a good idea to keep him waiting for your answer so I phoned
 them and told them how to reach you.
 They want to meet you in person.
 They were going to come here, but I said you'd go to them.
 I see a lot of futures where Gianna lives, so you 
\emph on
can
\emph default
 get her out,” she promised.
 “But...
 I'm having some trouble seeing exactly how.
 The Volturi know what I can do, so they 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 be blocking me on purpose, dithering, but I can't tell.
 You need to go to Volterra alone,” she continued.
 “You 
\emph on
will
\emph default
 be fine on the flight outside of a suitcase, just fill up first and turn
 your little fan on if you want to breathe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why do I have to go alone?” Not that I loved the idea of having Edward
 there, readable, full of honeymoon memories...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice said, “I don't know.
 But you go alone in every future where Gianna lives that I can see.” She
 sounded frustrated, and like she had a splitting headache.
 “Maybe you won't think of whatever it is you think of, if Edward's there?
 But I'm guessing.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I sighed, trusting.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Santiago's going to call you,” Alice said, and hung up abruptly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Third, my new cellphone rang 
\emph on
again
\emph default
.
 Santiago's voice was easier to recognize, with advance warning.
 “Hello,” she said, formal in her tone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hello, Santiago,” I replied, and I just barely heard a surprised little
 noise when she noticed the glassy, lyrical quality my voice had taken on.
 No reason to hide it from her -- reason to flaunt it, actually.
 “What can I do for you?” I asked, speeding up a little, making it clearer
 that I really was a vampire.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aro requests the honor of your presence at your earliest convenience,”
 she replied.
 “He regrets the interruption but is eager to meet you early in your new
 life.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm packing as we speak,” I said, watching Edward scowling as he folded
 strewn things into neat squares and piled them into suitcases.
 “I'll be there in perhaps a day.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We are aware that you are a newborn, and remind you that it is strictly
 forbidden to hunt within Volterra,” she added.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's no need to worry about that,” I told her.
 Let her draw her own conclusions, assume I'd be coming with a contingent
 of guardian Cullens.
 “That or other exposure.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Very good,” she told me.
 “I will see you soon.” And with that, she closed the phone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Go eat something,” muttered Edward.
 “I'll finish packing.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I caught his hands in their flurry of activity, brought them up to my lips
 and kissed them.
 “I'll be fine,” I promised.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked up at me with troubled eyes, then freed his hands to cradle my
 face and kiss me.
 I broke away apologetically after a minute, and went to stock up on food.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice made my travel arrangements; I arrived at the Rio airport to find
 flights booked all the way to Italy.
 Edward saw me off with immense reluctance, and I inhaled only as much as
 I had to to talk to personnel.
 (I'd spent the boat ride and the drive to the airport drilling myself in
 Portuguese and Italian, enough to get through the trip.
 The little Spanish I remembered from high school was surprisingly helpful.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had to visit the airport and airplane lavatories occasionally to change
 my contact lenses.
 I spent the journey reading my language primers -- there were Italian ones
 among them; I'd gotten a wide selection -- and muttering supersonic practice
 sentences to myself.
 I didn't walk off the plane in Rome fluent in the language, but I thought
 I'd be able to communicate in an emergency.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In my bag, besides the supply of lenses and the books, was a large sum of
 money, a shiny black credit card in my name, a forged American passport
 and drivers' licenses for several countries with my new face affixed to
 them, and various other necessities.
 I'd bought a bottle of water at one stopover, but I was full enough of
 orca blood that I rarely found I wanted it except when I had to breathe
 several times in close succession.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was close to midnight when I got to Italy.
 I rented a car at the airport, flipped through a map on a rack at the facility
 while I waited for them to drive it out to me, and set out for Volterra.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Parking was hard to find, but eventually I stashed the car at an exorbitantly
 overpriced garage, rolling my eyes and waving my rings at the lot attendant
 who tried clumsily to flirt with me.
 I understood about two thirds of the words, but his leer was quite plain.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I vaguely remembered the route James had taken to get to the grate that
 led to the Volturi compound.
 But it had been daylight, and I had been human.
 I wandered the mostly deserted streets, trying to find a familiar starting
 place.
 After a fruitless half hour, I started sniffing the air, trying to find
 a trail of vampire scent without getting hit by a faceful of human temptation.
 It took only minutes before I got a hint of the characteristically cool
 and sweet aroma.
 Inexpertly, I followed it, until I found the same hole James had jumped
 me down into.
 I took out my contact lenses, which made it instantly easier to see the
 darkened passage.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I leapt easily into the tunnel and followed it, up to the grating, through
 the door and into the hallway.
 Only one guard was stationed at the elevator door -- no one I recognized,
 unless I'd gotten a very brief glimpse of him while human.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm Bella Cullen,” I told him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Come with me,” he replied, and I went towards the elevator, trying to conceal
 my apprehension.
 If he noticed it, he didn't comment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I knew as soon as the elevator doors opened again that Gianna was in the
 room.
 I spotted her a split second later, and once she saw me, her expression
 was one of sheer terror.
 She shut her eyes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Gianna, it's me, Bella,” I said, momentarily puzzled, and then I realized
 she might know full well it was me -- and know full well I was a newborn.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She opened one green eye, still trembling with fear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not going to hurt you,” I told her.
 “It's okay.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna let out a huge breath.
 I clenched my teeth a little, but I wasn't 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 thirsty, and I'd been getting all kinds of practice at not eating people.
 Gianna was, if anything, less appetizing than the average random stranger:
 I had extra reason not to eat her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Volturi guardsman looked nonplussed.
 I wondered if this was how they'd planned to kill Gianna -- bring the newborn
 past her, have me tear her to pieces in a fit of ill control, call it a
 crime, pin it on me, use the leverage for -- something? But he recovered,
 and led me into the maze.
 I made what I hoped was a reassuring face at Gianna.
 She, bewildered, tilted her head and watched me go.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The guard led me through the maze much more swiftly than I'd gone as a human,
 and the stairs and labyrinthine halls didn't seem as arduous to pass through
 as they had before.
 In no time we were in the circular chamber I'd seen before.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Aro -- as well as Marcus, Caius, and assorted other vampires -- were all
 there.
 I flicked my eyes around, memorizing the faces for future reference.
 I recognized Santiago, Jane and Alec, and three familiar ones for which
 I had no names.
 Two vampires I didn't recognize were also present.
 “Hello,” I said, with a curtsey to Aro -- there was no reason to put on
 an arrogant display.
 I was probably going to have to provoke him one way or another during this
 conversation.
 If I had any leeway, I wanted to keep it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, my dear,” said Aro, with barely detectable uncertainty in his voice.
 He was staring at my eyes; I could imagine him thinking that yes, that
 was newborn red, but where was the crazed bloodlust? “I'm surprised that
 you come alone.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Did I have a good explanation for that, besides that Alice had said it was
 a good idea? Not really...
 “It was me you sent for, wasn't it?” I asked innocently.
 “My coven doesn't revolve around me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course,” said Aro, agreeable.
 “I had originally planned to visit you at your new home...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm glad I could spare you the travel.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm.
 I largely hoped to confirm that you'd been turned, according to law.
 I see that you have.
 Immortality would appear to suit you very well.” He was looking me up and
 down, with admiration or something close to it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have, just as I said I would be,” I told him.
 “No humans suspect anything odd about my disappearance and I'm going to
 make sure it stays that way.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's good to hear.” Aro paused.
 “I am impressed that you left Gianna unharmed.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm full,” I said, mostly truthfully -- I had nearly finished my entire
 whale alone, in preparation for a human-filled trek between continents,
 and while I no longer felt like I'd ooze orca blood if poked, I wasn't
 particularly empty either.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“In fact, in general you seem like a...
 unique...
 newborn,” he continued.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My mind is protected,” I reminded him.
 I didn't think this was actually the reason I had such control, but it
 was something he already knew, which 
\emph on
could
\emph default
 have plausibly stretched in that direction if I didn't have other information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's true.
 And it remains so?” he inquired.
 “From your mate?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And from me?” he asked, holding forth a hand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't pause as I raised my ringless right hand to touch his.
 With enhanced senses, I could feel that his skin really was different from
 other vampires'.
 He wasn't as smooth, and I thought I could detect something like pores
 -- a commodity which I lacked.
 I wondered if makeup would stick to 
\emph on
his
\emph default
 skin.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Aro let his hand fall, a small frown on his face.
 “How curious.
 Have you noticed any change in your power since you joined us, apart from
 your uncommon clearheadedness?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“None,” I replied.
 Of course, I'd been distracted, and I had 
\emph on
lots
\emph default
 of new powers to try out that were easier to figure out.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hmm.
 Still...
 Do you have any interest in joining our guard, dear Bella?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How to get out of that without getting into any trouble...
 “I don't think my mate would like to do that, and I must stay with him,”
 I said.
 That was probably plausible.
 Vampires never broke up, Edward had never been interested in joining the
 Volturi.
 If there were any reason to refuse them, it would be “my mate would be
 upset”.
 And without Edward here, Aro had to take my word for it, even if Edward
 would have reacted differently (perhaps in response to someone's thoughts).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I thought that might be the case,” Aro sighed.
 “Well, I have no reason to keep you here longer...
 I'd intended Gianna as a gift for you,” he added, raising an eyebrow.
 “Are you sure you don't want her before you go? It's truly baffling, the
 way your coven has rejected our natural diet...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought fast -- what attitude was he trying to elicit, with this “gift“?
 What did he 
\emph on
expect
\emph default
 me to do? “Oh, may I have her?” I asked, innocently, pleased -- childlike.
 It was easier to act, as a vampire; all I had to do was hit on the emotions
 I needed, encourage them to bloom in the fertile ground of my distractable
 mind.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Aro's face broke into a broad smile.
 “Of course, child.” 
\emph on
Bingo
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm so glad.
 I'd like to take her with me,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
His grin faltered.
 “Take her with you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I let my eyes go very wide.
 “I'm not going to eat her.
 My mate would be disappointed.” This was probably not actually true, but
 at least he 
\emph on
should
\emph default
 be disappointed in me if I ate someone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But then what do you mean to do with her? I'm afraid you can't just...
 release her into the wild,” said Aro, waving a hand.
 “She knows too much.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, no, that isn't my plan at all!” I said.
 “I'll bring her home with me, of course.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are you hoping to turn her?” guessed Aro.
 “And add her to your coven?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was an edge to his voice, so slight that I might be imagining it.
 But I guessed that the correct answer was 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 anything he would interpret as: “yes, I seek to expand my coven's influence,
 when we are already the largest coven in the world apart from your own
 even 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 counting our extended family in Denali, and have values antithetical to
 yours, by poaching your secretary and turning her where you were about
 to let her die”.
 I would have to want Gianna for something specific, something that only
 she could do...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I need her to bear my children,” I told him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I beg your pardon?” asked Aro, after a silence of almost four seconds.
 I had managed to surprise him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Before I was turned, since I had plenty of warning, one of my sisters extracted
 some eggs,” I explained.
 I didn't really want to discuss anything this personal in a roomful of
 Volturi -- but Aro already knew it; he'd read Edward after my surgery.
 “I'll eventually want to use them -- at least one.
 I could hire a stranger to carry the child, but then I couldn't keep a
 very good eye on her, because it would be very difficult to closely associate
 with a human without giving myself away.
 But Gianna's perfect.
 You've made an exception for her knowing all about us yourselves 
\emph on
already
\emph default
, so of course it's okay for her to realize what's going on.
 I can keep her at home with me and make sure she's taken care of.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I...
 see.” My situation as regarded the possibility of children was probably
 unheard of among vampires.
 There was no precedent, no “legal” grounding, to forbid me this.
 It 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 mean more vampires eventually -- I had no credibility whatsoever if I claimed
 I was planning to have children and then 
\emph on
let them die
\emph default
.
 But it would be over a time frame that would look less alarming than just
 turning Gianna right away, if I played my cards right.
 And Aro had already, very clearly, offered me Gianna.
 I waited, unblinking, with the cutest, most innocent smile I could muster
 on my face.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Marcus slid across the floor towards Aro, and they touched hands for an
 instant.
 Aro glanced to Caius, who looked like he'd eaten something that disagreed
 with him.
 Deprived of Alec's ability to keep me out of their deliberations, Caius
 didn't speak either, just went to Aro and communicated by thought transfer
 as well.
 I waited while Aro thought.
 His eyes were closed, his face completely composed and neutral.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My dear,” said Aro after half a minute, assuming an almost avuncular smile,
 “I said you could have Gianna, and have her you may.
 If that is the use for her that suits you, far be it from me to deny you.”
 Like I was a four-year-old who'd gotten a nice toy and only wanted to play
 with the box it came in.
 I hoped Gianna didn't hate my plan, was willing to go through with whatever
 needed to be done in order to placate the Volturi
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you,” I said, bowing again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We shall have to send you visitors, in a year or two, to make sure that
 you are pleased with your gift, of course,” Aro went on.
 “I would hate to discover that I'd offered you a present that you didn't
 like.
 The same goes for the objects I sent to you in the mail.
 I hope they will meet with your satisfaction.” How...
 lovely.
 A deadline on my reproduction.
 I managed to avoid crossing my fingers, hoping for Gianna's -- and Edward's
 -- willingness to tolerate the situation.
 I put off thinking about how I liked it myself.
 There was no safe way to back out at this point.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I haven't seen them yet, but I'm sure your taste is faultless,” I said
 diplomatically, “and that I will treasure them always.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I dearly hope so, although a treasure like yourself would outshine anything
 I could offer.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How long were we going to keep up this ridiculous exchange of pleasantries?
 
\emph on
Tell me to take Gianna and go, already...

\emph default
 “You're too kind,” I fluttered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not at all, lovely child.
 As long as you are here, is there anything else you should like to have?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I should hate to impose.
 I'm only glad that I could reassure you as to my compliance with our law.”
 That might count for something, identifying the law as my own.
 I was rapidly finding that one of the most convenient uses for perfect
 recall was the ability to keep my own subterfuge straight.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, then, I shall delay you no longer in your return to your mate and
 your coven,” said Aro genially.
 “The sun will be up in only a few hours.
 I shouldn't like to keep you for so long that you would need to tarry here
 for an additional day.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My thanks,” I said, with one more bow.
 “Until next time.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Aro nodded, agreeing, “Until next time.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I followed the route I'd taken up to the chamber, backwards, without help
 -- although Santiago ghosted along behind me, presumably for some combination
 of purposes including supervising my behavior and taking up the underground
 guard post.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna was still at her desk.
 She looked around when I approached; Santiago swept past me into the elevator
 without looking back.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hello again,” I said, trying to sound nonthreatening.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“H-hello, Bella,” said Gianna tremulously.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's okay,” I promised.
 “I'm not going to hurt you.
 I'm going to take you home with me, okay? You're going to be fine.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She stared at me, at my red eyes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Would you feel better if I put contact lenses in?” I asked, raising an
 eyebrow.
 “
\emph on
I am not going to eat you.
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Where are we going?” she asked in a small voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Norway.
 My family's there.
 We don't eat humans,” I promised her.
 “Come on, I'm sure Alice booked us a flight, I don't want to miss it.
 What do you need to bring?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I -- not much -- passport, clothes,” Gianna fretted.
 She didn't get up from her seat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you want me to help you pack?” I prodded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They're not going to kill me?” she asked in a small voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I winced.
 “Uh...
 Aro gave you to me, as a `present'.
 I think he thought I'd kill you, before, but I didn't.
 And I'm not 
\emph on
going
\emph default
 to kill you.
 And my family is not going to kill you.
 We'll do our best to keep you safe.
 Please pack your things.
 Come on, I wouldn't need you to pack if you were going to be food, would
 I?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Whether she accepted this logic or the sheer repetition just finally sank
 in, Gianna got to her feet and managed to walk out of the room on wobbly
 knees.
 I waited, seeing no reason to continue to frighten her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna took only eighteen minutes to pack.
 She came back with one, small suitcase -- either she didn't have much or
 wanted to bolt and leave a lot of things behind.
 “Ready?” I asked her when she wheeled her bag into the entryway.
 Gianna nodded mutely.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is there a better way out than that?” I asked, pointing at the elevator
 door.
 She nodded, and showed me through locked doors (to which she had a key,
 and which she locked behind her) into a part of the compound I'd never
 been to before.
 It looked like some kind of art or history museum, complete with velvet
 ropes and an information desk, but Gianna seemed in a hurry, so I didn't
 linger over this oddity.
 We passed through the darkened, deserted museum in a couple of seconds
 and out into the streets of Volterra.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was a little turned around, but after a moment recalling and adding up
 all my twisting travels, I figured out where we were in relation to my
 car.
 I put a new pair of contact lenses in and led Gianna along.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She followed me without speaking at all; I could hear her heart beating
 too quickly, and wondered if she was okay.
 But I didn't know how to ask after her condition without risking spooking
 her further, and she was at least capable of following me where I led.
 I got her into my rental car and drove us back to the airport.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
