#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{1}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Luminosity.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.3500000000000001
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
The Cullens
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On my second day of school, I spent most of the morning dreading lunch.
 Mike sat with me in English and whisked me away to my second class before
 Eric could step in -- Eric's disappointment was concerning -- but to the
 general population I was less the center of attention.
 The classes were no more or less interesting than they had been the previous
 day, and that meant there was very little to distract me from the hamster
 in my head running endlessly over and over 
\emph on
What is Edward's 
\noun on
deal
\noun default
?
\emph default
 At lunch, we'd be in the same room again, and he might\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 Okay, I felt dumb
 panicking that he might 
\emph on
glare
\emph default
 at me, when I put it in words.
 But he 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 and it was not 
\emph on
pleasant
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jessica and I walked together to the cafeteria, where Mike spotted us and
 steered us towards his table (to Jessica's obvious delight -- that was
 something to write down later).
 Jessica's other friends, including Angela, found us there and collected
 around us.
 Once I'd settled in and looked around, I found that Edward's four siblings
 were at their usual table.
 Edward was not.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He didn't show up for the duration of the lunch period, and I practically
 had a spring in my step by the time Angela, Mike and I headed to Biology.
 I gave them my spiel about wanting a lab partner willing to help, augmented
 by a 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

and now Edward is 
\emph on
absent!
\emph default
 What am I supposed to do?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Mike took this opportunity to turn up the useful tidbit that Edward, as
 well as the other Cullens and the Hales, actually missed a fair amount
 of school -- on nice days the family were outdoorsy enough to skip classes
 for hikes and camping trips.
 I got Angela's permission (and Mike's unspoken disappointment) to try to
 swap lab partners and work instead with her; she guessed that her current
 one wouldn't mind.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The switch went pretty easily.
 I didn't even have to recite my entire speech to the biology teacher before
 he perfunctorily asked Angela's partner if she'd be okay to sit with Edward,
 got an apathetic shrug, and made the rearrangements.
 Sitting with Angela was pleasant.
 She was quiet -- a bit like Charlie, speaking if there was cause but not
 fighting silence like a hated foe.
 Once, she asked me a question about how the material we were looking at
 compared to the similar content I'd covered in Phoenix, and we had a murmured
 exchange that, being topical, went unpunished by the teacher.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hurried to gym, ironically, and found the coach and recited a litany of
 excuses: I had the balance of a toddler -- a 
\emph on
drunk
\emph default
 toddler -- and the bruising potential of an overripe nectarine and I promised
 to practice yoga out of a book at home on a soft surface every day if I
 could please, please, please be excused from volleyball and nearly everything
 else.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Understandably, the coach wasn't impressed by my yoga promises, but said
 I could take a mat and put it in the corner of the gym and do the exercises
 there during classes where I could be officially monitored.
 I would still most likely fall a lot, but onto something yielding and not
 into any innocent bystanders.
 I could live with that.
 I was less happy about the coach insinuating that maybe we should have
 official Yoga Fridays and I could lead them if I was so into the practice.
 I wasn't actually 
\emph on
good
\emph default
 at yoga.
 It was just not as likely to send me careening into walls as volleyball.
 Perhaps she would forget about it; I didn't see a way to discourage the
 plan at that exact moment without making my promise to pursue the exercise
 seem less credible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had also 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

forgotten
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 my gym clothes, as emergency backup volleyball avoidance, and so I sat
 out for the second day in a row, but with my alternative arrangement in
 place I planned to be equipped the next day.
 It would have been embarrassing to flunk gym.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After school, I needed to make a grocery run: when I was at Charlie's, food
 was my domain, due to his lack of skill at or interest in cooking and tendency
 to forget that he needed to eat.
 On my way out of the campus lot, I noticed the two Cullens and Hale twins
 who'd attended school that day getting into their car: it was the shiny
 Volvo.
 Of course.
 It would be just silly if they had looks and not money too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Grocery shopping wasn't a very mentally taxing activity, and so I spent
 most of the trip actively trying not to dwell on Edward.
 There was no good reason for me to be doing so, especially not after an
 entire day where he had not even appeared.
 That meant I was dwelling on him for 
\emph on
bad
\emph default
 reasons, and those weren't likely to go away and quit bugging me until
 I ferreted out what they were.
 What bad reasons would be prompting these thoughts?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Well, first, to get it out of the way, he was attractive.
 Very.
 Not in how he acted -- just visually and in terms of what I'd heard of
 his voice.
 That had to be tweaking something on a subconscious level; I wouldn't necessari
ly have felt less threatened if an ugly boy had scowled at me the same way,
 but I wouldn't have been so self-conscious about it.
 I probably would have figured that it was his problem.
 Which was a hint that it 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 his problem, and I shouldn't consider it evidence that I'd done anything
 wrong.
 Edward was just a bizarre guy who'd taken an arbitrary dislike to me where
 no one else had, and he'd chosen to express it in the form of hostile staring.
 The fact that he was pretty made this no more or less likely.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Second, it was unexplained.
 That made it nigglingly mysterious.
 It only helped to care about mysteries if there was a sensible route towards
 solving them available, though.
 Now that I thought about it, it might be safe to ask one of his siblings\SpecialChar \ldots{}
?
 None of 
\emph on
them
\emph default
 had looked at me at all strangely.
 Of the four I guessed that Alice, the smaller, less runway-model-looking
 girl, would be most approachable.
 I didn't have information about any of their personalities, but appearance
 was to some extent a personal choice, and so in the absence of better ways
 to tell it wasn't worthless to guess based on how she looked.
 However, I decided it would be better to put that possibility off until
 and unless Edward pulled something worse than glaring at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Third, it felt risky.
 I had no strong reason to believe it was 
\emph on
actually
\emph default
 risky.
 Driving my truck in the rain to and from the Thriftway for eggs and bread
 was probably more likely to kill me than Edward, just based on how many
 people died in car accidents and how many people were slain by inexplicably
 provoked classmates on an annual basis.
 But an angry face on another person was more the sort of thing I was wired
 to fear than a lump of metal under my direct control.
 The brain was evolved to work out social problems, not to worry about the
 relative danger of controlling vehicles on wet pavement.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd run through all these thoughts by the time I wheeled my cart to the
 checkout.
 They helped.
 Simply 
\emph on
observing
\emph default
 the thought processes that led to some intrusive notion was so useful;
 I was confused about the fact that others never seemed to do it.
 Renée's ability to worry was limited only by her attention span.
 Charlie, if he had the tendency of dwelling to begin with, was subtler
 about it.
 I didn't see signs of the ability to consciously shut down pointless woolgather
ing in any of my peers.
 I supposed I should actually ask some -- later, after I had closer friends
 in Forks who wouldn't find the one comment enough to consider me weird,
 instead of so early in their formations of impressions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I went home, made egg salad so dinner would already be done whenever Charlie
 got home, and replied to Renée's e-mail that had arrived while I was at
 school.
 Then I occupied myself by writing down as many of the things I'd decided
 to write down as I could remember.
 When I'd exhausted them I got started on my math homework.
 I heard Charlie come home some hours later, and went down the stairs so
 we could eat together.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Bella?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he called when he heard my footsteps.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Welcome home!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I replied, leaning into view at the bottom of the stairwell.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Egg salad's in the fridge.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He served himself a generous helping, looking appreciative, and I scooped
 out a small plateful for myself.
 When he went back for a second portion, he asked, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

So, how did you like school? Have you made any friends?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Sure,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I have a couple classes with a girl named Jessica, and Angela's my lab partner
 in biology; I sit with them and some of their friends at lunch.
 And I also met a boy named Eric and one named Mike -- they're friendly.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I didn't mention Edward.
 There was nothing worth involving Charlie in, and anyway, he was clearly
 hoping for positive news, of which there was no shortage.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That must be Mike Newton.
 Nice kid -- nice family.
 His dad owns the sporting goods store just outside of town.
 He makes a good living off all the backpackers who come through here.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd never asked Charlie much about the people of Forks, but now that I thought
 of it, I supposed he must have met many of them.
 It would be likely less fruitful, but also much cheaper, to ask him rather
 than Alice -- obliquely, of course.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Do you know the Cullen family?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I inquired.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Dr.
 Cullen's family? Sure.
 Dr.
 Cullen's a great man.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I meant more the kids -- they stick out some at school, I was curious.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie surprised me with a medium-sized speech about how the Cullen kids
 had surpassed all of his expectations since they'd moved into town, never
 gave him a speck of trouble, were unfailingly polite, and all went on regular
 camping trips as a healthy family bonding experience.
 He seemed to be reacting more to some background hum of gossip, like what
 I'd heard from Jessica, than to anything I'd said.
 Apparently he was upset that the locals felt the need to make unkind comments
 about the Cullens when Forks was so lucky to have such a fine doctor in
 residence.
 I nodded along as he talked; the only one of the family I'd 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

met
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 had not made such a splendid impression and I couldn't honestly chime in
 with verbal agreement.
 But if my father the police chief found the family so clean-cut and worthy
 of praise, that was some evidence in favor of the danger being imaginary.
 Most violence came with priors.
 I felt a bit better.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward was not in school for the rest of the week.
 I settled into the routine of school: English with Mike and Eric sitting
 on either side of me, competing for my attention during the moments before
 and after class.
 Government, Trig, Spanish, lunch, biology, and yoga in the corner of the
 gym.
 I discovered to my surprise that I 
\emph on
liked
\emph default
 yoga; it was easy to think during the languid motions from pose to pose.
 I wasn't doing anything complicated, mostly just stretches and so on --
 and I avoided standing postures so I would be less likely to topple over
 -- but the teacher didn't complain, just looked my way periodically to
 make sure I wasn't goofing off during class.
 The group I sat with at lunch, led by Mike, made plans to take a trip to
 La Push Ocean Park in a few weeks -- an unfamiliar sort of beach, but a
 beach, and I decided to go.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By Friday I started to suspect that Edward had dropped out of school or
 something.
 The mystery was compounded, not relieved, by his absence, and the small
 town failed me with its lack of plausible gossip.
 This was odd, given that asking Jessica could yield information of the
 most personal sort about everyone else; I encountered more rumors about
 drinking problems and scandalous pregnancies and business trajectories
 than I could keep straight.
 Why shouldn't she be able to report on Edward?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 didn't think I was horrifying enough to cause 
\emph on
anyone
\emph default
 to drop out of school altogether.
 I tentatively concluded that he'd looked at me horribly simply because
 my timing was bad and I'd arrived the day before some unwelcome event took
 him away from Forks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The weekend was tranquil.
 Charlie worked most of it; he'd gotten into the habit of spending every
 day on the job when the alternative was puttering around an empty house,
 and typically took off only when there was urgent fishing to do.
 I went to the library, found it pitiful, and added a plaintive note about
 that in my new e-mail to Renée.
 Later I'd have to go to some larger settlement, Olympia or Seattle, and
 spend all day in a good bookstore, spending the money I would have blown
 on a car if not for Charlie's gift -- on books, and on gas for the truck,
 because it got awful mileage and I needed to budget separately for that
 expense on a trip that big.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On Monday, it was cold.
 People in the parking lot greeted me by name; in the cases where I knew
 theirs, I did the same, and otherwise I just smiled and waved and offered
 a more generic hello.
 I was comfortable.
 It was nice.
 The classes were mind-numbing, but I was pretty pleased with the student
 body.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After English, it turned out to be snowing, and I stopped to marvel when
 I walked out of the building, staring up at the descending wisps of cottony
 precipitation.
 Mike thought this was amusing.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Haven't you ever seen snow before?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

On 
\noun on
tv
\noun default
,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 Mike laughed.
 Then a ball of slush hit him in the back of the head.
 I tracked its path and noticed Eric hurrying away, in the wrong direction
 for his next class.
 Mike bent down and started collecting his own snowball.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

See you at lunch,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I told him, moving away briskly.
 I thought snow was pretty, but I suspected my affection for it would be
 destroyed if I had to encounter it in the form of crossfire.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The snow -- first of its kind for the calendar year -- was the talk of the
 school all morning, which would have made more sense if it had been snowing
 in Phoenix.
 Nevertheless, I didn't find it hard to muster enthusiasm, since it was
 genuinely novel to me.
 I managed to avoid the hurtling snow missiles between all of the buildings
 I was obliged to travel to; Jessica, walking with me to lunch, thought
 my caution was silly, but didn't attack me with a frozen projectile herself.
 Mike caught up with us near the cafeteria doors, laughing as melting ice
 destroyed the painstaking spikes in his hair.
 Jessica drew him into a discussion of snowball fight tactics as we headed
 for the food and I habitually glanced at the Cullen's table.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were five people there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I must have been distracted for longer than it seemed to me, because Jessica
 pulled on my arm.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hello? Bella? What do you want?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
For him to go be gone again
\emph default
, I thought.
 
\emph on
Or for an 
\emph default
explanation
\emph on
 at least
\emph default
.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Just a soda,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said aloud.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'm not really hungry.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Are you okay?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Jessica asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I think so,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 We waited in line, got our food and beverages, and headed for our table.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Mike was very concerned about my health, and kept asking if I was sure I
 was all right.
 I considered faking an illness and skipping Biology in the nurse's office.
 Bad idea, I decided.
 I couldn't do that forever, and it wouldn't get me any closer to understanding
 what was going on.
 I would just stick close to Angela and ignore Edward as much as I could.
 But I couldn't resist looking over once, to make sure he wasn't glowering
 at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward wasn't looking at me at all, and he was laughing -- the entire family
 was.
 The boys all had snow in their hair, and Emmett was shaking his head to
 fling it out towards the sisters.
 Alice was using her lunch tray as a shield.
 It was picturesque, and I looked a little more intently, trying to figure
 out where the fury I so strongly associated with Edward had gone.
 Without it he didn't look half so predatory.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Bella, what are you staring at?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Jessica asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And just then, Edward looked over and made direct eye contact with me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I ducked my head immediately, caught, but I was sure he hadn't looked as
 full of rage has he had before.
 Just curious again, as he had been the last time this had happened in the
 cafeteria instead of the biology room.
 Were his attitudes determined by the 
\emph on
room?
\emph default
 How bizarre would that be?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Edward Cullen is staring at you,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Jessica giggled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

He is?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 She probably would have mentioned it if he'd started looking murderous
 again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Yep,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she teased.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Please stop looking at him,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 I turned towards Mike's conversation in progress -- elaborate snow-enhanced
 battle plans -- and kept my eyes to my own table for the rest of the lunch
 period.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When Mike and Angela and I left the cafeteria together to head to Biology,
 the snow had turned to rain, and all of his weaponry was in the process
 of melting.
 He, and most of the other students, groaned.
 I was relieved not to have to fear snowballs between classes, and although
 I did miss the decoration, I hadn't fancied trying to drive home in my
 very first snowfall.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was glad that I had changed lab partners and that I didn't have to sit
 right next to Edward after his absence.
 Especially since he had a brief, bizarrely heated exchange with the teacher
 about the new seating chart before finally taking his place next to Angela's
 former neighbor.
 I couldn't hear most of it, but his tone was incredulous, and the girl
 he was to share his table with was closer to the front of the room and
 looked vaguely offended.
 And then Edward stared at me again.
 Not angrily.
 Just frustrated, as the first time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I turned my attention to the lab when the teacher finished setting up and
 told us to start identifying the phases of mitosis on our microscope slides.
 Angela and I worked well together; we alternated checking the slides first
 and then checked one another's work, with her making one error that I caught
 and, as far as we could tell, none on my part.
 While she copied our answers onto the sheet, I glanced around the room.
 One of the pairs had a book open under the table, trying to hide the forbidden
 reference from the teacher.
 Mike and his partner kept swapping between two slides, comparing them.
 Edward was staring at me again, and his lab partner was gazing into space;
 either they'd completed the assignment before anyone else, or they had
 both decided to ignore it completely.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
His eyes were dark gold.
 I was sure they'd been black before.
 I hadn't written it down and 
\emph on
could
\emph default
 be misremembering\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 but I was 
\emph on
sure
\emph default
 they had been black.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked away again.
 Angela's handwriting was very tidy and so she was doing all of our recording,
 but she had noted in the margins who identified which slides first and
 the one mistake that I had caught so the credit was shared appropriately.
 I smiled and murmured to her that I appreciated it, and she smiled warmly,
 thanking me in turn for spotting the mis-identification.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The teacher came around and noted everyone's scores.
 I was able to just barely overhear that Edward and his partner had gotten
 full marks: speed, then, not abandonment.
 Angela and I, plus one other pair, did equally well; everyone else had
 something missing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a brief hubbub as equipment was put away and the teacher recorded
 our scores in his grade book, and then collective focus turned to the transpare
ncies he used to explain the lab.
 I zoned out a little, mostly just staring at the bright rectangle at the
 front of the room with pictures of cells in it.
 Sometimes I checked to see where Edward's attention was.
 Every time it was on me.
 I wondered if the teacher noticed.
 The fact that he consistently turned out to be staring at me only made
 me more tempted to check repeatedly.
 Finally I made a face at him -- trying to convey something like, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\emph on
What is your 
\noun on
deal
\noun default
?
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 with my eyes -- and he turned towards the front of the room for the rest
 of the class, body language tense but his visual focus off me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward raced nimbly out of the room when the bell rang.
 I'd half suspected that he'd lurk on the route to gym and accost me when
 I walked by, demanding whatever secret he found so frustrating.
 I stuck close to Mike.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That was awful,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Mike groaned.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

They all looked exactly the same.
 How'd you do so well?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'd done it before,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

With fish, not onion, but it's the same idea.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Lucky,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 commented Mike, and then he started griping about the departed snow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I stuck to a simple set of four poses during my yoga session to leave me
 more focus for thinking.
 I decided that unremitting staring was probably a significant enough act
 of harassment that, if I thought I needed it, I could get faculty attention
 about it.
 I resolved that Edward had two days to cut it out or I'd try to speak to
 Alice, and if that didn't turn up anything, he had a week and I'd speak
 to the biology teacher, and if that came to nothing, I'd wait another week
 and involve Charlie.
 Charlie's approval of the family would not, I was sure, stand up to my
 complaint, especially when I could probably get the also-approved-of Mike
 to back me up.
 After two more weeks of staring, if it got that bad, Mike would notice
 something.
 He was attentive enough.
 (I still needed to think of something to do about 
\emph on
that
\emph default
, but it was a secondary problem.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After gym, I went to my truck, hopped in the cab, and ran the heater to
 warm my hands so I could comfortably grip the steering wheel.
 After a minute I started to poke along out of the lot.
 On my way out, I spotted Edward and Alice standing near the family Volvo.
 It looked like they were arguing.
 They weren't loud enough for me to have heard them, even if I'd cut the
 engine and rolled down a window, but it was clearly intense.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd never even had a bizarre intermittent staring match with 
\emph on
Alice
\emph default
, so in all my vanity, I couldn't conceive of the conversation being about
 me.
 There was nothing she knew or thought about me to argue for or against.
 I continued towards home.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The next morning, I drove to school as usual, parked, and got out of my
 truck.
 Not at all as usual, when I shut the truck door and turned around, I found
 that Alice Cullen was standing beside me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hello,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said chirpily.
 Her eyes were the same gold that Edward's had been the previous day.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

My name is Alice Cullen.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hello, I'm Bella,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, automatically, politely, and then I remembered to be confused.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

What
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Oh, look,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Alice, seizing my arm in a friendly but inescapable grip and pulling
 me towards the front left wheel of my truck, and then past it.
 She pointed at the tire.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Snow chains.
 That was smart! I thought you were from Phoenix and it never ices there.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hadn't put the chains there, and I was surprised I hadn't noticed them
 before I got into the truck that morning.
 I supposed that explained why I hadn't had a terrible time driving to school
 in all the glittering frozenness.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

My dad
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I started to guess, but Alice was still hauling on me and it made it hard
 to form sentences.
 It was outrageous, how strong she was in spite of being so tiny.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hey, um
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Look,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said again, dragging me farther and farther away from my truck, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

all these people have lived in Forks all their lives and half of them don't
 chain their tires.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Finally she seemed to think that, four parking spaces away from the Chevy,
 we had moved far enough, but she maintained her hold on my arm.
 I expected to find my skin painted with bruises later.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Alice,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, but before I could ask her to please release my arm, a dark blue
 van skidded across the parking lot and collided with the back corner of
 my truck.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The truck was sturdy.
 It made an awful noise, and I lost some paint, but I didn't doubt it would
 work later.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would have been standing in the path of the van if Alice hadn't pulled
 me away.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice no longer seemed to find it necessary to hold my arm in her vice of
 a hand, but I decided that if she'd found it appropriate in the first place
 she wouldn't mind my clinging back just a little bit.
 She was little and bony but didn't sag under my attempt to seek support.
 I made a small burbling sound.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Chains on tires in icy weather are 
\emph on
such
\emph default
 a good idea,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Alice sagely.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wobbled in place, wrapped around Alice's unprotesting arm and trying not
 to fall over.
 Between the ice and the fact that I'd just nearly been trapped between
 a truck and a van, it was a challenge, but eventually I found enough footing
 and mental stability to let go of her.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Aaaaaaaugh,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 My voice was strangely devoid of emotion, considering.
 It should have been exhibiting relief, or stress, or confusion, or gratitude,
 or some combination of those things.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I supposed Alice deserved to hear the last one spoken aloud.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Thank you,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I added to my ineloquent exhalation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

For what?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The compliment about the snow chains and how smart that was? You're welcome!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It seemed obvious that she was playing dumb, somehow, but I couldn't fathom
 why.
 The van hadn't been anywhere in sight when she'd started pulling me away
 from the truck; there was nothing for her to play dumb 
\emph on
about
\emph default
.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

For pulling me out of the way,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

If you hadn't, the van would have squished me.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That was lucky!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said cheerfully.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hey, I'd better get to my class.
 I'll see you at lunch, Bella!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice danced away, her grace untroubled by the ice.
 I blinked at her a couple of times, and then tottered towards the blue
 van for the ritual exchange of insurance information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tyler Crowley was the van's driver; I recognized him from my Government
 class.
 He'd gotten a few small cuts, but looked mostly okay; without any humans
 in the path of his out-of-control car, he'd mostly focused on slowing down
 and hadn't careened too crazily.
 By the time I'd written down all the details, Charlie had arrived -- apparently
 the school secretary had called emergency services.
 He was worried about me at first, but I reassured him that I'd been standing
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

all the way over there
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and that my truck was 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

just fine, thanks for the chains by the way
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and that my witness's remarks were 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

all written down right here
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (I tore a page out of my notebook) and that I was 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

going to go to class now, I don't want to get any later, love you, Dad
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was late to English, but after explaining the car accident -- with Alice
 edited out, the implication being that I'd wandered autonomously out of
 harm's way -- I wasn't in trouble.
 Mike and Eric overheard the story.
 Mike seemed to decide the best reaction was one of exaggerated compassion,
 making sure I was okay, did I need help touching up the paint on my truck,
 et cetera.
 Eric went with something more along the lines of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

wow, Bella had a cool adventure
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, which would have been the pleasanter of the two if it hadn't made everyone
 in the class lean in and want me to tell all about my cool adventure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tyler was back in school by the time Government started, and he apologized
 profusely about the minor scratches to my car.
 His face was covered in band-aids that stood out brightly beige against
 his brown skin and it was fairly silly-looking.
 I waved off the apologies; he hadn't caused the ice, and if he'd had any
 choice about where to aim his van at all, my truck was a good target, sturdy
 thing it was.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The minor accident -- or 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

cool adventure
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 -- was the talk of the school all morning.
 Jessica seemed morbidly fascinated by the fact that I could have been killed
 if I hadn't been some twenty feet away before Tyler had even lost control
 of his car.
 She kept talking about it all the way from Spanish to lunch.
 I was just about to ask her if she could please stop describing my gruesome
 contrafactual death when, right outside the cafeteria doors, Alice appeared
 at my elbow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hello, Bella,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hi,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 I blinked.
 Alice was not quite as aggressively mysterious as Edward, but she was 
\emph on
puzzling
\emph default
.
 At least she didn't scare me.
 Jessica looked put out by her arrival.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'm going to go in and sit down, Bella,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Jessica after enough of a pause to be awkward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Okay,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said over my shoulder, still facing Alice.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Later, Jess.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jessica went inside, and I looked back at the tiny girl who had saved my
 skin that morning.
 She was smiling at me like she was dying to tell me what I would get for
 my birthday but had promised not to.
 We stared at each other for a bit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Uh,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Thanks again for getting me out of the way earlier\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

You're welcome!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 exclaimed Alice.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Do you want to sit with me at lunch today?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

You -- and your, uh, siblings?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hmm,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Alice, furrowing her brow.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

No, I don't think that would be a good idea.
 Just me.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I spent two seconds debating whether to ask her 
\emph on
why
\emph default
 or not.
 I decided it would be rude and that I might get clues if I sat with her
 anyway.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Sure,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My usual tablemates looked puzzled when I walked in with Alice, and I gave
 them a look intended to convey 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I don't know what's going on either, I'm just going with it
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 They continued to look puzzled.
 I suspected that most, if not all, of the content of my meaningful looks
 was lost in translation.
 I'd catch up with them later and use words instead.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice bought a sandwich and a bottle of apple juice.
 I took a soda, a banana, and, as it was Taco Day, a tortilla full of fixings,
 and then we found an empty table.
 I opened my drink and partially peeled my fruit.
 Alice didn't touch her purchases.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I'd finished my banana, I said, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Aren't you going to eat?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I forgot that this kind of sandwich has mayonnaise on it,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said at once.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I don't like mayonnaise.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a tuna sandwich.
 I wondered if there were any commercially available tuna sandwiches without
 mayonnaise.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Why don't you get a different one? You never opened it, I bet they'd let
 you trade it right back,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That one stumped her for a moment.
 Then she said, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'm not that hungry anyway.
 I can just have a snack when I get home in a couple hours.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Uh-huh.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

What about your juice?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I only like juice with food,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'll trade you my soda if you want, I don't care,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I offered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

No, thank you,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Alice said firmly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I turned my head a bit to look at her from another angle, as though that
 would help.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Don't like soda?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I don't.
 Sorry,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said with an apologetic smile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

What 
\emph on
do
\emph default
 you like to eat?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That threw her a bit.
 She stared at me blankly for a second before she said, as though at random,
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Grapes.
 Love grapes.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Is that all?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She pouted a little, as though disappointed that naming a fruit wasn't enough
 to turn off my curiosity, and started reciting a paragraph's worth of food
 items.
 They were all consistent with her manifest preferences (no mayonnaise,
 no soda, nothing she could have easily gotten from the school cafeteria),
 but she sounded like she was reading her grocery list.
 My past experience with talking extensively about food preferences tended
 to involve people going on about the little details.
 If they liked cheese, they'd mention in an aside that Camembert was only
 worth eating from a particular creamery.
 Chocolate lovers would have a story about which shop gave out a free sample
 of which truffle.
 Fans of quiche would take a moment to dispel the myth that it was difficult
 to make.
 Anyone who brought up potato salad would also have a longstanding recipe
 rivalry with a neighbor.
 At a minimum they'd specify that the pot roast was to be 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

the way Grandma makes it
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Alice didn't include anything like that; she just listed generic things.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Cauliflower.
 Pomegranates.
 Salami.
 Biscuits.
 Pistachios.
 Chickpeas.
 Licorice.
 Polenta.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I let her rattle on for a bit, and then held up a hand.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Okay.
 Very well-rounded diet.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice grinned at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lunch with Alice was very awkward.
 Whenever I made up my mind to say something she spoke first, with some
 innocuous 
\emph on
non sequitur
\emph default
.
 Occasionally it was interesting -- she had perspectives on the personalities
 of some of the teachers that I could imagine being useful -- but just as
 often it was entirely apropos of nothing.
 I was treated to a six-minute description of the mishap-filled shopping
 expedition that had yielded the boots she was wearing; she told me about
 the weather in Alaska; she listed the colors and locations of the stains
 she'd gotten on herself when she learned to tie-dye.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered if she was actually insane.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided to ask her if she might know what Edward's deal was, and before
 I opened my mouth, she said, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Did you know that in Korean
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Alice,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, talking over her, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

can I ask you something?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Her eyes got very wide.
 She stared at me.
 She appeared to be desperately wondering if there was a polite way to say
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\emph on
no, you may not
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and coming up blank.
 Finally she nodded once.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

On my first day here, your brother Edward looked at me very angrily, in
 Biology and again after school, and then he was out of school for a week,
 and yesterday he wouldn't stop looking at me in class like he was frustrated
 about something I'd done even though we've never spoken; do you know why
 either of those things might be?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice gazed, gold-irised, into my eyes.
 A confusing mix of expressions I couldn't follow crossed her face, and
 finally she said, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I don't think I should discuss Edward's personal business.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Because,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, frowning, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

it was kind of concerning to me.
 I had actually decided that if he didn't stop staring at me, I was going
 to treat it like a harassment issue.
 It doesn't feel very safe.
 And it's distracting.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Her hands were under the table, but her shoulders moved like she was wringing
 them.
 I heard a rocky scraping noise and guessed that she had a pebble stuck
 in the sole of her boot that was scratching up the linoleum.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 don't 
\emph on
think
\emph default
\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 that he will hurt you,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were so many more reassuring ways she could have uttered those exact
 words.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I would consider it a personal favor,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, slowly and carefully, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

if you'd tell your brother that I don't appreciate being glared at like
 I killed his dog, or scrutinized like an unsolved Rubik's cube, while I
 am trying to do my schoolwork or while I am trying to eat my lunch.
 I think it would be better for me and him and everybody involved if he
 cut it out before I involve a teacher, or the principal, or my father,
 who you probably know is the police chief.
 I have never done anything to antagonize Edward whatsoever.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I know you haven't,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Alice said quickly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Good.
 I hope he knows it too,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, trying to sound earnest.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

He does,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she assured me.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'll, um, talk to him about it.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 And with that she got up and fled, leaving her untouched mayonnaise-tainted
 sandwich and sealed bottle of juice on the table behind her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I moved back to my usual lunch group with my taco and soda.
 My friends wanted to know what the deal had been with Alice, but I honestly
 had only fragments of likely-misleading clues, and the topic soon fizzled
 out as they lost interest in exotic speculations.
 The topic turned to the upcoming beach trip.
 I sat through this part of the exchange silently except for the necessary
 noises of assent and enthusiasm, and thought about the Cullen family.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was trying to avoid excessive notebook use in school, around Jessica in
 particular -- her tendency towards indiscriminate gossip wasn't showing
 any signs of being a fluke -- and so I couldn't organize my wisps of thought
 visually, as helpful as it would have been.
 I closed my eyes, adding a feigned tired sigh, and tried to make an imaginary
 sketch of the mystery.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Cullens were rich.
 Dr.
 Cullen was, well, a doctor, and by Charlie's account a very good one.
 If he had worked at a better-paying hospital for some years, and saved
 very much more carefully than most people were capable of, then that might
 explain it alone.
 But they were a young couple.
 Medical school took a long time.
 It seemed\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 not impossible, but unlikely, that there would have been not
 a speck of a murmur about it if Dr.
 Cullen had been a child prodigy who'd graduated medical school when he
 was fourteen, or something.
 As far as I knew, Mrs.
 Cullen didn't work.
 They had five children to feed (they 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 to eat, in spite of how Alice had acted and the fact that I'd never seen
 one of them do it -- were they concealing outrageously restrictive food
 allergies or a religious dietary requirement that embarrassed them for
 some reason?) and clothe and keep in trendy school supplies, plus a house.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Were
\emph default
 there any really big hospitals in Alaska that could have paid Dr.
 Cullen a great salary? It wasn't the 
\emph on
least
\emph default
 populous state, but it was way down there, spread out over the largest
 area.
 If there was an expensive research clinic or something in Anchorage, I
 supposed I wouldn't have known about it, so it was possible that Dr.
 Cullen had spent several years living cheap and only two years ago suddenly
 cut his income, moved to a small town, and started providing his children
 with a shiny car and sizable clothing budgets.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was not impossible that the Hales' parents had left the Cullens some
 money in their wills.
 Or that when the Cullen children were adopted, they came with monetary
 bonuses to help with their care (and I didn't know how long those three
 had been in the family, except that it was longer than two years).
 Or that they were wealthy independent of the doctor's income for some other
 reason.
 But that, too, seemed like something I'd have heard a rumor about.
 There was little to no way that a resident of Forks was a lottery winner
 or the heir to a diamond cartel or a trust fund baby or something similarly
 dramatic and pecuniary without it being branded on their forehead forever
 by public chat.
 Jessica had proven able to divulge astonishingly personal things.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They all bore 
\emph on
weird
\emph default
 visual similarities.
 The pale skin, the incredible beauty.
 But they were not, supposedly, genetically related, except Jasper and Rosalie,
 who had only hair color in common (none of them looked like 
\emph on
family
\emph default
 -- they looked like they took the same dance classes and wore the same
 full-coverage white makeup and had been handpicked from the same modeling
 agency).
 I knew it was hard to adopt children -- if the Hales were Mrs.
 Cullen's niece and nephew, that did some explanatory work, but Edward,
 Emmett, and Alice were from some other source.
 Didn't it take years of paperwork and waiting to get a child? I supposed
 it was faster if one was willing to take an older adoptee -- but then,
 it was slower if you wanted a white kid, one without developmental problems.
 (This was evidence in 
\emph on
favor
\emph default
 of the hypothesis that Alice, and possibly Edward, were insane, which would
 have made them easier to adopt.
 I didn't know about Emmett.
 But they all did well in school and largely kept to themselves and Charlie
 thought they were model citizens\SpecialChar \ldots{}
)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And it was known that Mrs.
 Cullen couldn't have children of her own.
 Since her husband was a doctor, that 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 have turned up earlier than it would in most couples, but my impression
 was that fertility testing didn't customarily enter a conception attempt
 until considerable trial and failure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The timeline just didn't shake out naturally.
 I was placing a lot of faith in Forks's rumor mill, but it was a very good
 one.
 I guessed that Dr.
 Cullen was thirty-five at the 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 oldest.
 He was supposed to look a decade younger than that.
 If he'd finished high school when he was sixteen, say -- he probably could
 have skipped a grade or two back in elementary school without that making
 its way to my ears -- and gotten through med school in an accelerated seven-yea
r program so he had his doctorate at age 23, and raced through whatever
 licensing hoops were in his way at age 24, and was such a miraculous boon
 to medicine that he'd 
\emph on
immediately
\emph default
 gotten his super high paying job in Alaska
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And by then the Hales would have been living with Mrs.
 Cullen.
 I didn't know when Dr.
 and Mrs Cullen had gotten married, so they might not have been living out
 of the doctor's pocketbook until later.
 (But what was Mrs.
 Cullen doing before they married? If she had job skills, they'd never made
 it into the town consciousness.) But that left Dr.
 Cullen eight years racking up the big bucks.
 Not enough time for really high-yield investments to pay out.
 Was he living like a graduate student that entire time, surviving on ramen
 and store samples, only to start living like a king a little later on when
 he'd have to mostly eat savings to do it? When did the other three kids
 come in? If he'd been saving like a Scrooge during this period, why did
 they act so 
\emph on
used
\emph default
 to their nice things? Alice's story about her boots hadn't held any of
 the earmarks of being a gleeful once-a-year splurge, and I was sure they'd
 cost at least two hundred dollars, though she hadn't named a figure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What about school loans? I guessed if I was factoring into the story that
 he was a brilliant doctor commanding an immense salary, he could also have
 been a brilliant student commanding a full-ride scholarship\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The bell rang.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward seemed to be 
\emph on
following
\emph default
 me to Biology.
 This was a slightly silly impression to have even given everything that
 had happened: we were both starting from the cafeteria, and were both headed
 for the same classroom.
 But he was walking right behind me, and seemed to be matching pace awfully
 precisely with me, Angela, and Mike.
 I couldn't speed up with all the ice on the paths -- so I slowed down,
 claiming to my friends that I felt liable to fall.
 This was entirely credible, as I did fall down a lot even on surfaces not
 encrusted with slippery substances.
 They slowed down with me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Instead of going around, Edward slowed down too.
 It did not seem likely that this was a coincidence or that he felt a deep
 and abiding need to keep off the grass.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What had Alice 
\emph on
said
\emph default
 to him, anyway?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We arrived at Biology after what seemed like a very long trip to have squeezed
 into only three minutes.
 Angela and I sat at our table, Mike slid in beside his partner, and Edward
 walked through the door a half a step behind us.
 He hesitated, like he wanted to go on following us -- me -- but instead
 plopped into his chair.
 He held himself very stiffly but didn't turn around to look at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Biology progressed in perfect ordinariness.
 Mike and I walked to gym, which ensued with no unusual happenings.
 It wasn't until I walked out of the gym building that Edward Cullen appeared
 at my side and said, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hello, Bella.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I jumped, startled.
 My feet came down on the ice and immediately sheered off in opposite directions.
 I went down, scrunching my eyes closed and emitting a squeak.
 But where I expected my head to crack on the ice, there was silence.
 I opened one eye.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward had caught me neatly, and it must have looked to bystanders like
 we were in the middle of a very oddly timed ballroom dance.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Are you all right?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Yes,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Please let go of me.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward stood me back up.
 He didn't seem to have any trouble with moving me around any which way
 he pleased, nor with avoiding balance challenges himself.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Thank you,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, but I narrowed my eyes a little bit.
 I waited for him to talk next.
 He was the one who had greeted me; presumably he had a reason.
 I started counting to five in my head; if he hadn't gotten my attention
 by the time I reached it, I was going to continue towards my car.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Alice told me you were upset by my\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 staring\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 earlier,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said in that smooth voice (if they made voices out of caramel, this
 would be one of them), looking into my eyes steadily.
 His were still gold.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I wanted to apologize.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Oh,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 It wasn't very helpful of me, but I didn't feel charitable; I wanted to
 see what he'd say without prompting.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'm sorry,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said, after an awkward pause, apparently having realized that saying
 he wanted to apologize wasn't quite actually apologizing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I accept your apology,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
 I'd gotten into the habit of saying that instead of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

it's okay
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 when I was fourteen, having noticed that I often wanted to accept apologies
 for things that were not really 
\emph on
okay
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Thank you,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

You're welcome,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I replied.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was another pause.
 I began counting to five again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Would you like me to walk you to your car?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he offered when I'd reached three.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I noticed you seem to have some trouble with the ice.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

No, thank you,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This seemed to surprise him.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

May I ask why?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he inquired after a moment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I considered the pros and cons of various answers.
 Eventually I hedged my bets: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Are you sure you want to know?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Yes,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said immediately.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Because I'm liable to ask very intrusive personal questions of you if I
 spend time with you socially, and I prefer to avoid situations in which
 I'm especially likely to be rude.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 And then, because it would have put the lie to my statement if I'd done
 otherwise, I turned and picked my way across the ice towards the parking
 lot.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Of course Edward couldn't let me walk away; he loped beside me, one long
 easy step to six of my careful ones.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Why would you ask intrusive personal questions?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he asked lightly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Because there are a number of things about you -- your family in general,
 actually -- that don't add up,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, deciding that if he kept following me after what I'd told him,
 he wasn't entitled to special rudeness-avoiding care.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

You are distractingly mysterious.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

You like solving mysteries?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I like the nonexistence of mysteries.
 Mysteries mean I've missed something,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said shortly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Interesting,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Edward murmured softly.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

What's missing about me?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He seemed to want to keep me talking.
 That was potentially useful.
 I stopped -- carefully, on a salted patch of sidewalk -- and turned to
 face him.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

If I tell you what's missing, will you fill in the gaps?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Probably not,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said, smiling in a manner that he probably thought was roguish.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Then I have no incentive to answer your question,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, and I continued to walk to my car.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's face fell, and he kept following me.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

What?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The only reason I'd mention to you what's confusing about you would be if
 I thought you'd demystify things for me,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said briskly.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I don't enjoy having my curiosity abused to no end.
 If I thought it was fun to muse aloud about things that confuse me, I could
 talk to one of my friends or parents instead.
 In the reasonably likely event that you're hiding something on 
\emph on
purpose
\emph default
, then telling you what's off about you will only help you cover things
 up better -- and I've got no motive to help cover up a secret I'm not in
 on, since I don't know if there are adequate reasons for it or not.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He kept following me until I got to my truck, although he didn't come up
 with anything else to say during the brief journey.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I suppose I'll see you tomorrow,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said as I pulled open my cab door.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Of course,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Tomorrow.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hopped into the driver's seat and went home.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pulled into the driveway, let myself in, and started a pot of lentils
 boiling, because they were impossible to overcook as long as I added water
 periodically, and so would be hot and ready to eat whenever Charlie got
 home.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pulled out my notebook and wrote for a solid forty-five minutes.
 My hand was cramping up by the time I was done.
 All the confusing tidbits, all the erratic pieces of behavior, everything
 I'd heard from Jessica and other sources.
 I tapped the eraser end of my pencil several times around the bit where
 I'd written about Alice's lunch behavior.
 Her timing was 
\emph on
strange
\emph default
.
 She'd interrupted me just 
\emph on
before
\emph default
 I'd asked any awkward questions, and I was sure I hadn't 
\emph on
looked
\emph default
 like I was going to say anything.
 I'd recorded video of myself thinking and writing before, just for kicks
 -- my emotions were readable, but if I closed my eyes and skipped to a
 random point in the video before re-opening them, I couldn't tell whether
 I was about to write something or not until my arm actually moved.
 And I'd been the one 
\emph on
in
\emph default
 the video.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then there was the bit with the van, in the morning\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought of a crazy idea.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought of a very cheap test.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That was the only kind of test worth doing on a crazy idea.
 If one was wise, one didn't bet one's life savings and firstborn child
 on something this silly.
 But it would cost me less to perform 
\emph on
this
\emph default
 test than it would cost to expend the willpower on avoiding it, now that
 I'd thought it up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I shut my notebook.
 I shut my eyes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I 
\emph on
made up my mind
\emph default
 that, when Charlie got home, I was going to tell him all about my suspicions
 of the Cullens.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Fifteen minutes later, the doorbell rang.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
