#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{20}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Linux Libertine Mono O
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.3500000000000001
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Hybrid
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was more than a week into the month of August when we swam back to Norway.
 When I checked my e-mail, there was a small heap of messages from my parents
 and Rachel -- and, interestingly, one from Angela.
 I was so surprised to get an e-mail from her that I opened it first.
 It was sweet and postcard-like.
 She was still in Forks for the summer, and wanted to make known her hopes
 that I was having a nice time in Europe.
 I replied and told her what I could about Norway, Ireland, the U.K., and
 Italy, and mentioned -- since unless Charlie had told everyone, she didn't
 know -- that I had eloped and likely wouldn't be returning to school in
 the fall.
 I sent her three wedding photos that Alice had Photoshopped to make me
 look pinker, and asked her if she'd do me the favor of notifying Jessica
 and our other friends.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Then I tackled the e-mails from my parents -- more of the same, really,
 but I dutifully compiled the recent tourism data for their reading pleasure.
 Renée was mostly adjusted to life in Florida, where my stepfather had gotten
 signed earlier in the year.
 She missed Phoenix but liked Jacksonville pretty well, and was already
 cycling through the locally available diversions and hobbies.
 She and Phil were still getting along very well.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie, meanwhile, was starting to worry about Harry.
 Since he obviously could not be told what had really happened to his friend,
 and yet could also not be invited to the funeral that he'd expect to attend
 if Harry were dead, he was being fed a confused jumble of vague misinformation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd turned the Denalis' latest addition in mid-July; it was becoming awfully
 suspicious that in the weeks since, Harry had supposedly been visiting
 his aunt in Nashville, then become too sick to receive visitors but not
 sick enough to be in the hospital, then become well enough to go and see
 a cousin Charlie had never heard of who lived in Toronto.
 All of these plane tickets, of course, being paid for by the visited relatives;
 the Clearwaters were not especially wealthy, although Leah and Seth now
 had some access to pack money I'd supplied.
 Charlie didn't appear to suspect foul play -- Billy and Sue both were making
 sure of that -- but he was very confused.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I assured Charlie, in my e-mail, that Harry was probably just fine and there
 was no reason to worry -- but I didn't know what long-term solution would
 work.
 If Harry were reported as a missing person so he could be declared legally
 dead later, Charlie would certainly look for him, and could run into wolfy
 or vampiric things that he shouldn't see yet.
 Short of torching the Clearwater house while Sue and the kids were out
 of it and Harry was supposedly inside (to eliminate the need for a body),
 there was no other obvious way to give Charlie a satisfactory story.
 I toyed with the arson idea, but it would be too obviously staged if the
 family rescued their belongings first, and not all of those objects were
 likely to be of the easily replaceable variety.
 They would be unlikely to go for the idea.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Next I opened the e-mails from Rachel.
 Two more wolves had imprinted.
 One, a teenage boy named Jared, had fallen instantly for a classmate of
 his who'd turned out to have a longstanding crush on him, so that was all
 sweet and convenient.
 Less sweetly, Quil Ateara had imprinted on Emily's two-year-old niece Claire,
 another Makah.
 Emily was still staying at the Clearwater house to comfort Leah, and had
 agreed to babysit Claire from that location, which was how Quil had gotten
 a look at her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel added, hastily, that Quil was 
\emph on
absolutely not
\emph default
 sexually interested in the toddler, which was the only reason he still
 had all of his face attached.
 Apparently imprinting wasn't necessarily sexual.
 The pack was assuming that when Claire grew up, she and Quil would be as
 happy together as Jared and his imprint, but for the time being he was
 absolutely content to serve as a older brother figure.
 Rachel confided to me that he let Claire boss him around very indulgently,
 never tiring of her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Leah had, at first, thought that this might mean that Sam could come to
 think of Emily as a 
\emph on
sister
\emph default
, so that Leah could have her fiancé back.
 Emily and Rachel had been all for this plan, and so Sam, supernaturally
 obedient to his imprint and his Alpha, had tried.
 Rachel didn't doubt the sincerity of his attempt.
 But he'd failed; he was still 
\emph on
in love
\emph default
 with Emily.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In a brief message, Rachel informed me that everyone in the pack was growing
 like a weed.
 “Everybody fifteen and up looks 25 years old and on our way to the Olympics,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she told me.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The younger ones look about five years older than they really are already,
 and they're catching up, and even the kids are completely 
\emph on
built
\emph default
.
 Wolf form sizes still vary by age and size in human shape -- I'm not the
 biggest, just the prettiest and the one who can boss everyone around.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel's next e-mail said only, “I think Emily is wavering.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The next message said nothing more of Emily, Sam, or Leah, just told the
 stories of more imprintings.
 One boy I hadn't met, who'd been flown in during my drive to Denali, had
 apparently picked up on the Makah pattern.
 His name was Victor, and he was really enthusiastic about imprinting.
 He and two like-minded friends had actually run north all the way to the
 Makah reservation, while Rachel was asleep and unable to order them to
 stop.
 There, they'd wandered around looking at girls until Victor had imprinted
 on one.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thus freed from his obligation to keep the pack's information contained,
 he told her everything (complete with a phasing demonstration) and actually
 convinced her to visit La Push and live with him until school started,
 although she would be obliged to go back home and finish her last year
 of high school in September.
 The other two hadn't imprinted during the excursion, and Rachel had resorted
 to Alpha commands to prevent any more of that kind of foolishness.
 This hadn't prevented one other wolf from (accidentally) imprinting on
 a Forks girl, who I didn't recognize by name or description.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It did not escape Rachel's notice that all of the wolves who had imprinted
 were male.
 “The dominant hypothesis,” she'd written in her latest missive, “is that
 we imprint on people who'll be able to pass on the werewolf gene.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And all the female wolves had stopped having periods.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel passed this information to me clinically, but I could imagine that
 it wasn't being taken with such calm by all of the female half of the pack.
 With menstruation had gone the ability to have children -- or so they strongly
 suspected.
 I could guess 
\emph on
why
\emph default
, biologically, this would be the case.
 It would not do a fetus any good at all to be subjected to violent transformati
ons between shapes.
 Small children with the gene couldn't activate; presumably they also lacked
 the ability in utero.
 Miscarriage would be inevitable.
 Male wolves, on the other hand, would be perfectly able to sire offspring.
 None of this was likely to ease the blow to the girls.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I promptly wrote back.
 While they couldn't safely carry children, that wasn't necessarily a reason
 to suspect that all of their eggs were non-viable.
 Secrecy, including from my own family, was still important, but in a few
 years I could be in and out of medical school and equipped to personally
 do for the pack what Rosalie had done for me.
 (If, in that time, discretion became unnecessary or impossible, then one
 of the existing Cullen doctors could handle the task.) Individual wolves
 who, for some reason, valued the ability to bear their own children more
 than the ability to never age could quit their wolves.
 At that point, they would probably pick right up where they'd left off,
 reproductive capacities and all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While I wrote my reply to Rachel, another e-mail appeared.
 This one, surprisingly, was from 
\emph on
Harry
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He wanted to know how I'd become sure that I could handle being around humans.
 I sympathized with his impatience -- not only had he been thrown into vampire-h
ood without warning, he wasn't getting along well with most of his coven.
 So I summarized all the tips I'd collected, my self-tests with my old human-sme
lling clothes, and the trial we'd devised with Nils.
 I gave him Alice's e-mail address and a summary of her power, and suggested
 that he ask her to see if he'd be safe to try.
 Given a green light from her, all that would be needed would be for one
 of the longstanding Denalis to take David safely away and another to bring
 in a Nils-equivalent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I also recommended he get in touch with Ilario, whose contact information
 I realized I did not have.
 I poked my head out of the window, asked Esme -- the first person I saw
 -- for his e-mail address, and added it in an endnote to my reply to Harry.
 I reminded him not to tell Alice or Ilario that he was Quileute, and further
 advised that he not even use his last name with them lest Edward pick something
 up and recognize the family.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Before I hit “send
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, it occurred to me that everyone in my family but Edward thought that I'd
 spent my entire detour to North America simply hanging out in Québec, less
 the time it had taken me to encounter, turn, and transport Harry.
 They'd assume he was Canadian.
 The Denalis and Edward thought that I'd brought Harry up from Seattle,
 which was still off, but too close for comfort.
 The Denalis knew Harry's last name but not what it meant; everyone in my
 own coven would know who the Clearwaters were except Ilario and maybe Alice
 and Jasper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If Harry started e-mailing people other than me and his fellow Quileutes,
 some informational cross-contamination would happen.
 It was already likely, if one of the Denalis called him “Harry Clearwater”
 in correspondence to my family or mentioned where he'd come from, but there
 was nothing I could do about that without 
\emph on
telling
\emph default
 them to keep it on first-name terms, which was a greater risk than just
 crossing my fingers about that leak.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't have to make it worse, though.
 I deleted my last paragraphs.
 Instead, I wrote that Harry should look for solitary hikers with someone's
 supervision, and very firmly make up his mind that he would immediately
 tell 
\emph on
me
\emph default
 if he slipped up and ate someone, and that 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 would resolve that if he told me of this event, I would...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tried to think of something flashy that Alice would definitely tell me
 about if she saw me doing it, which she'd definitely see if it was to happen.
 Eventually I decided that if Harry killed someone, I'd pick a fight with
 Ilario.
 I didn't think we were likely to squabble otherwise, so I would probably
 not get a false signal.
 But it was the sort of thing Alice would notice and try to head off if
 she saw it, while not being sufficiently bizarre behavior for a couple
 of newborns that I would be obviously faking.
 I explained to Harry that if Alice gave me this warning, I'd warn him in
 turn that his test wasn't going to go well and he should put it off.
 
\emph on
Then
\emph default
 I hit “send”.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My e-mail thus taken care of, I went to locate Emmett and get another fighting
 lesson.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett started getting cocky after a couple of hours of flinging me into
 treetops and making Bella-shaped impressions in the ground, so I quit reining
 in my strength.
 I was trying not to depend on it, since it wouldn't stay with me, but it
 was available for the time being as a tool to wipe Emmett's smirk off his
 face.
 I grabbed him and, holding him too tightly for him to escape, stuck him
 into the dirt headfirst, all the way up to his knees.
 This made a spying Alice snicker.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett lost no time in wriggling his way out of the ground, but he was absolutel
y covered in soil and looked perturbed.
 “I'm a newborn,” I reminded him sweetly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Arm-wrestle him!” cried Alice.
 “I'll get you a rock to use as a table, hang on!” She zipped off into the
 woods and came back with a boulder four times her size.
 “Here!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's the point? I'll win,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Will not,” challenged Emmett.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Emmett, that's ridiculous.
 I've been a vampire for less than two months.
 I'm sure you'll be able to beat me at any contest of strength you care
 to name this time next year, but now?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Come on,” he goaded, getting into arm-wrestling position with his elbow
 on the rock.
 I rolled my eyes and clasped hands.
 Alice counted down, and Emmett started pushing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could definitely 
\emph on
tell
\emph default
 that he was pushing -- he probably could have shoved his arm shoulder-deep
 through solid granite with the force he applied.
 But my arm didn't move.
 It wasn't hard to keep it still.
 Vampire muscles didn't react to physical challenges in the same way.
 While there were things too heavy for us to pick up, attempting to lift
 them, or slightly lighter objects, did not cause 
\emph on
strain
\emph default
 or any sort of fatigue.
 So I sat there, looking innocently at Emmett, as he gritted his teeth and
 pushed harder.
 My arm still didn't move.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We'd collected more spectators; an amused Edward had come to the yard, presumabl
y following someone's thoughts, and Rosalie and Jasper were looking out
 two windows of the house.
 Ilario peered out a window and then left the house to watch from a better
 vantage point.
 “Let me know when you're ready for me to break this rock with your forearm,”
 I told Emmett mildly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He pushed even harder, but I compensated automatically.
 “Rrr,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This isn't nearly as fun as sparring,” I complained.
 “Do you really want to sit here all day? Just tell me when you're done,
 and then I'll win.
 But since you wanted to do this, I'd hate to deprive you of your fun before
 you say so...
 not that I can tell what you see in this activity...” I tilted my head, looking
 curiously at our joined hands as though trying to figure out what might
 be interesting about them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward laughed, and Alice tittered.
 I was being a little mean, obliging Emmett to say he wanted to lose before
 allowing the contest to end, but the look on his face was so much fun.
 I blinked at him patiently.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Suddenly, Emmett grinned and let his arm go limp all at once.
 Unprepared, my arm slammed forward and drove his into the rock, but on
 his terms.
 I laughed with everyone else.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Want to try me?” Ilario asked me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had not spoken to Ilario at all since he'd turned, and only a handful
 of sentences before that.
 I'd left right after he'd been injected, and stopped in Norway only briefly
 to drop off his sister -- who monopolized his time -- before jumping into
 the ocean and swimming to Ireland.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hm,” I said.
 “You're newer than I am -- how much does that matter?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jasper, resident newborn expert, opened his window and hopped out, falling
 twenty feet and landing neatly.
 “Very little,” he said.
 “But it's not nothing.
 Either of you could win, but I'd bet on Ilario.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario was a tall, skinny guy, not particularly burly, but I hadn't brought
 special physical prowess into my vampire life either.
 Unlike with Emmett, who I'd known I could beat, I was honestly curious
 about the outcome.
 “Sure,” I said.
 “The rock is a little beat up on this side...” I turned it over, pressing
 it into the ground so it wouldn't wobble, and put my arm in place.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario walked up, eyeing my arm appraisingly, and took hold of my hand.
 Alice counted again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The difference was immediately obvious, and my arm twitched backwards half
 a centimeter before I brought more power to bear and held my own.
 Ilario looked very focused and calm as he pushed my hand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided to just go all out, and forced my arm to push as hard as it physically
 could.
 Ilario matched me, and then some; my arm leaned, bit by bit, towards the
 rock.
 Clearly he was stronger than I was, but that didn't necessarily mean he'd
 win...
 I relaxed my arm for a fraction of a second, and it shot towards the rock,
 but Ilario reduced the strength of his attack in response, and just before
 my knuckles hit stone, I pushed back with maximum power and had our arms
 perpendicular to the rock before he reacted and stopped me cold.
 It was back to a near-stalemate in his favor.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not going to fall for that again,” laughed Ilario, good-naturedly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No?” I didn't have any more tricks, and I sighed as he forced my arm down
 to the rock, millimeter by millimeter.
 I didn't let go like Emmett had, and so the back of my hand just brushed
 the boulder very lightly, and then he'd won.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Congratulations,” I said; he extracted his hand and I swept a little rock
 dust off of mine.
 Jasper nodded to himself and Emmett looked pleased.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Other than the arm-wrestling, my week of downtime in Norway was pleasantly
 uneventful.
 I got to know Ilario, who was a pleasant fellow, very careful and deliberate
 in his choices and protective of Gianna.
 I spent a lot of time with Edward in our cottage, dined exclusively on
 killer whale, and got to be conversationally fluent in Italian.
 I explored the countryside around our house, sometimes with Edward or other
 family, sometimes all by myself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry e-mailed; I opened the message nervously, worried that Alice had missed
 the tussle I would have to provoke with Ilario in response to a tragic
 failure.
 But Harry had successfully gotten within ten feet of a hiker, with Carmen
 along to check his movements, and not done the man any harm.
 He thanked me for my help.
 In a P.S.
 at the end of the message, he apologized for having acted so afraid of
 me; via e-mail no one seemed like a person to him, and so I didn't stand
 out as scarily in the remote medium.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I kept abreast of the goings-on in La Push.
 Rachel was nervous about what would happen when school started up again
 for the Makah who Victor had found.
 She didn't think that the boy would hold up well without his imprint.
 Claire, too, would eventually have to return to the Makah reservation;
 her parents, while moderately neglectful, were not complete absentees.
 They'd expect Emily to return her charge eventually, and then Quil would
 be alone.
 For her own part, with no way to hand off Alpha responsibilities to someone
 else, Rachel was arranging with her school to do everything long-distance
 come autumn.
 She might need to go to Spokane to sit exams at the end of each semester,
 but could otherwise expect to keep up while based in La Push.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I found occasion to ask Carlisle what evidence beyond Maggie he had for
 Siobhan's witchcraft.
 It wasn't impressive at all.
 In fact, that was the strongest example he had.
 Every other case gave Siobhan lots of time to lay complex groundwork.
 I announced that I was in Siobhan's camp as far as the nature of her talent:
 she just planned well.
 Until she and Eleazar were in a room together and he said otherwise, or
 she pulled off something more impressive than getting Liam to put up with
 a new covenmate, there was no reason to consider her a witch.
 Carlisle smiled agreeably and said that this was fine, which frustrated
 me, but didn't seem worth having a long argument over; I went and watched
 Esme pour cement in the basement instead.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After a week at home, as specified, I was ready to go to South America and
 hunt for half-vampires.
 I informed Edward of this, and he happily booked us tickets.
 A few hours later, we were flying over the Atlantic again, hoping to find
 out if our potential child was mythical or possible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I confess I have no idea how to go about looking for half-vampires,” I
 told Edward, in Portuguese, as we walked away from the airport.
 I'd spent the trip studying the language, since we had no textbooks handy
 on any other tongues that the obscure tribes we could wind up talking to
 might use.
 Using translators would be ill-advised, given the sensitive nature of our
 search, but we could hire one to teach us a few words without explaining
 what they were for and use them to elicit images in people's minds that
 Edward could examine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't have much experience with it either,” he replied in the same language.
 “That's why we landed in Manaus instead of Rio.
 I thought we could start by finding the Amazon coven and asking them if
 they know anything.
 Humans who believe in vampires might not want to talk to you and me, although
 if we dead-end with the Amazons we could try coming back with Gianna and
 getting her to ask for us.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, that makes sense.
 Tell me about the coven?” I invited.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Amazons were three women, all unmated, who formed an unusually close
 coven and were rarely seen apart.
 Zafrina, the leader, was an illusionist.
 Though limited to vision and unable to affect other senses, she was still
 very powerful, and could compose entire scenes to supplant whatever input
 one's eyes would normally supply.
 Edward expected me to be immune to this talent.
 The other two, Senna and Kachiri, were not witches.
 All three of them were on the order of five hundred years old, as they
 reckoned it.
 They'd been turned separately, departed from their creators separately
 after maturing, and then found each other a few years later.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While they were not the only vampires in South America by a long shot, or
 even in Brazil, they did have more or less undisputed run of the Amazon
 River and its environs.
 Edward assured me, though, that Zafrina was sufficiently confident in her
 ability to turn a fight to her advantage that they could afford not to
 attack intruders on sight, even unexpected ones.
 (They did not hold with modern technology, and could not have been called
 ahead of time.) They'd recognize him and be willing to be introduced to
 me, and if they couldn't or wouldn't help, they'd let us leave peacefully.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The rainforest was not a location notable for its transportational infrastructur
e, so we were on foot, with a modest amount of luggage carried in backpacks
 and wrapped in plastic to keep the rain off it.
 The constant rain had the effect of making it very difficult to track by
 scent.
 We could smell things that had been nearby recently, but figuring out where
 the coven had been and which direction they'd gone since was near-impossible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It took us two very scenic and damp days before we finally found them, during
 which time I improved my Portuguese considerably and learned to identify
 a wide variety of native wildlife.
 I also ate a jaguar, which was okay.
 When we located the three women, they were in the middle of eating.
 Edward caught the scent first, and warned me to hold my breath; I was still
 untested with regards to the smell of fresh human blood.
 He didn't look terribly comfortable himself, either, and quit breathing
 once he had the direction; he signed, to avoid using up air, that he was
 pretty sure that the blood was from the Amazons' prey.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The humans in question were all dead by the time we got there.
 Each of the three Amazons appeared to have bagged one of her own -- by
 their outfits, I thought they might have been loggers or something like
 that.
 The coven, for their part, were all dressed entirely in hide and leather,
 just vests and pants.
 They had elongated limbs and features, like average people as seen in a
 funhouse mirror -- elegant tall faces, willowy limbs and digits.
 All of them had braided black hair past their waists and a slightly beige
 hue to their pale skin.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One of the women lifted her head from the throat of her quarry to look at
 us, and I was surprised by the fact that I did not feel physically queasy.
 Apparently that was a sensation vampires did not experience, because the
 dead men were one of the most disturbing things I'd personally laid eyes
 on.
 Harry Clearwater's mangled body was in the same ballpark.
 Actually, he'd been torn up worse, whereas these men were missing most
 of their necks but otherwise intact.
 But 
\emph on
Harry
\emph default
 was walking around healthy as a horse, and the loggers never would again.
 I found it unhelpful to speculate that they had been killing endangered
 species.
 Endangered species, however photogenic, did not 
\emph on
think
\emph default
.
 Their deaths did not warrant vengeance.
 Even if they did, that had not been the motive.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward noticed my discomfort and put his arm around me.
 The woman who was looking at us said, “Edward Cullen.
 How surprising to see you.” She spoke English, although it was accented
 -- my guess was that she didn't practice the language often.
 “And I take it that you have found a mate.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This is Bella,” said Edward, nodding.
 “Bella, this is Zafrina, and that is Senna and that's Kachiri.” He pointed
 out the two who'd ignored our approach.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I attempted to smile, and succeeded, although I kept looking at the corpses.
 Kachiri finished hers and looked over her shoulder at us, and then Senna
 followed suit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The men were already dead and couldn't get deader, and I did need to know
 if I could handle blood...
 I took a small breath.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was about ten or twenty times worse than when the blood was neatly contained
 in a human; my throat instantly combusted, praying for drink.
 Venom gushed into my mouth.
 I summoned the instinct to fear the three women, identifying the dead as
 
\emph on
their
\emph default
 prey which I couldn't safely take, and held very, very still, caught between
 the terror I was using and the thirst I'd invited.
 Edward's arm, still around my shoulders, squeezed.
 I didn't know if I would have been able to leave the blood unconsumed if
 it hadn't belonged to the Amazons.
 Rational thought wasn't efficacious against the thirst; the best I could
 do was pit one drive against another, fearing for my life at the hands
 of the coven if I drank the blood that the pain in my throat told me I
 
\emph on
needed
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I swallowed the venom, and it was instantly replaced; it didn't matter that
 I'd stopped breathing.
 I closed my eyes and turned towards Edward, who wrapped his arms around
 me comfortingly.
 “I'm sorry,” he said to the Amazons.
 “She's very controlled for a newborn, but hasn't been near human blood
 before.
 Please excuse her.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had been 
\emph on
near
\emph default
 human blood before, but this was faster to explain, and anyway, I'd known
 not to inhale near Harry while the blood was fresh...
 and those men were dead, and our 
\emph on
friends
\emph default
 the Amazon coven had killed them...
 and even if the loggers had been driving some tree extinct, they didn't
 deserve to die...
 
\emph on
and they smelled so good
\emph default
 and I wanted to fight Kachiri for her dead man and suck out whatever drops
 were left in his veins and cool the burning in my throat but I thought
 she might kill me if I tried and 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 didn't deserve to die either
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward said, “It looks like you've finished eating.
 If you could dispose of the leftovers, it would be easier for us to talk
 to you; we have some questions.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Very well,” said Zafrina, agreeably enough, and I heard the three women
 picking up their respective beverage containers and racing off into the
 forest with them.
 I didn't know what they were going to do to cover up their involvement
 in the deaths; I didn't think I'd like it if I got the answer.
 That didn't keep my brain from wildly speculating.
 Drop the bodies into piranha-infested waters? That would probably work
 well.
 Fling them into some slash-and-burn farm that was in the middle of the
 “burn” phase? Risky...
 I was so parched.
 I wished I'd brought a bottle of water.
 I wanted blood.
 The jaguar had been too long ago.
 My throat smoldered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They came back after about thirty seconds.
 “We can go somewhere else, if that would be more comfortable for your Bella,”
 offered either Senna or Kachiri; I hadn't heard either speak and wasn't
 looking, still burying my face in Edward's shirt.
 I felt him nod, and he picked me up, accurately judging me too affected
 by the blood and the murder to want to move around under my own power.
 I might just take off and find someone full of blood that smelled 
\emph on
that good
\emph default
 and make the burning stop.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward followed the coven through the forest with me in his arms.
 I opened my eyes and watched plants whiz by, then closed them again.
 Eventually we'd arrived at the Amazons' venue of choice.
 It was a section of rainforest, much like any other.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, there's none of the scent here,” Edward murmured to me.
 “You can breathe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I breathed again, and set my feet on the ground, where they held me up quite
 satisfactorily in spite of my ongoing distress.
 No one seemed to expect me to talk, which was good.
 “What did you visit us about, then?” asked Zafrina.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward related the story of what he'd learned after our honeymoon had been
 cut short from the Ticuna Indian woman who'd heard of half vampires.
 “Bella had some eggs taken from her before she turned,” he told them.
 Then he had to explain what eggs were to the scientifically uninitiated
 coven.
 “The upshot is that if half-vampires are possible, a human woman could
 bear a child that is both mine and Bella's,” he concluded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've never heard of this truly happening,” said Zafrina skeptically.
 “Of course there are stories, but there are stories about anything and
 everything; only a handful are true.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It may be a fruitless search,” acknowledged Edward.
 “We're prepared to devote some time to investigating anyway.
 We know the Ticuna have legends about half-vampires; who else might know
 something?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Zafrina listed a half-dozen tribes; Kachiri chimed in with a few more, and
 I concluded that it was her voice that had offered the change of location.
 Senna was quite silent.
 Zafrina remarked, after about ten peoples with half-vampire stories had
 been suggested, “It surprises me that you, golden-eyed still, would let
 a human die to get your child.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” I said at once.
 “Not if it will kill her.
 We want to find out if there's a way she could live through it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ah, she speaks,” said Kachiri.
 “But the stories never say the mother lives.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But the stories are old,” I said.
 “Medicine has gotten much better.
 Forty years ago, my eggs couldn't have been harvested as they were.
 Perhaps the last half-vampire born is two or three hundred years old, and
 his or her mother could have been saved with something that was invented
 since then.
 We only need to find out what killed her to make a good guess about that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If she existed at all,” said Zafrina.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“As I said,” said Edward, “it may turn out that we're looking for something
 that isn't there.
 But we want to try.
 Are there vampires that live closer to the tribes you mentioned, who might
 talk to us and might know something more concrete?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kachiri gave the usual stomping grounds of two vampires, both of whom traveled
 alone and would be therefore unlikely to attack the pair of us, although
 she didn't vouch for their helpfulness, and remarked that she and her coven
 had only met each briefly.
 They'd run into each other, come to an agreement on their respective territorie
s, and then never noticeably encroached again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They had nothing else useful to tell us, so Edward courteously caught them
 up on the latest Cullen family news and then excused us.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I fought the mental image of those dead men into the farthest recesses of
 my mind, and followed him as he took off at a run through the rainforest.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One would expect, even given no detailed information, that it would be very
 difficult and time-consuming to find nomadic vampires one has never met
 who are not trying to be easy to find in a continent as large as South
 America.
 One would be absolutely correct.
 We tromped around the suggested locations for almost three weeks.
 During this time, Edward filled in the large gaps in my Spanish, so I could
 get along in the non-Brazil countries.
 We went sniffing in uninhabited areas for vampire scents and passed through
 population centers for Edward to catch thoughts of suspicious disappearances.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we ran into a vampire who could have been one of those Kachiri
 described, in the middle of the Chilean Andes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She was a small, nervous-looking woman with a long black braid and the same
 off-white tinge to her skin that seemed common to vampires made of non-white
 humans.
 We caught just a glimpse of her from a distance before she disappeared
 over a mountain, apparently spooked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did you get her name?” I asked Edward as we followed the path she'd taken
 over the rocks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” he said.
 “If I keep her in range it's sure to come up...” He ranged a little ahead
 of me, pitting his speed against the other vampire's familiarity with the
 territory and head start.
 “Huilen!” he shouted, after a few seconds.
 That was presumably her name; he continued in Spanish.
 “Huilen, we don't want to hurt you! We just want to talk!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She paused, clinging to a mountain peak, ready to escape if we made any
 threatening moves.
 I caught up to Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Please talk to us,” I called in the same language.
 Since she'd stopped, I thought she probably knew Spanish.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How do you know my name?” she demanded in a high, clear voice that carried
 easily through the mountain air.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Come talk to us and we'll explain,” I replied.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can hear you from here,” she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You'll run away again as soon as you aren't curious anymore,” I retorted.
 “Please come here.
 We won't hurt you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Huilen crept down the mountain cautiously; Edward and I held still.
 “Who are you?” she asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My name is Edward,” he said, “and this is my wife Bella.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And how do you know my name?” she asked again.
 Edward explained his ability, which made Huilen even more nervous, although
 she didn't run away again.
 “What do you 
\emph on
want?
\emph default
” she said when he'd finished accounting for his knowledge.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We're trying to find out if half-vampires exist,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Huilen stared at us, and then Edward said abruptly, “Who was that?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She hissed, and turned to run, but Edward chased her; I followed, but Huilen
 was scrambling over the mountains with practiced efficiency and Edward
 was charging after her very fast, so it was all I could do to keep them
 in hearing distance.
 “Huilen, wait!” pleaded Edward.
 “We don't want to do you 
\emph on
or
\emph default
 him any harm! Please!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She didn't answer him, just continued to clamber over the terrain at high
 speed.
 I wondered what Edward would do with her if he caught her.
 I saw them going diagonally over a slope off to my left, and I pushed off
 from the ground with all four limbs, leaving gouges in the rock and hurtling
 towards them.
 I landed in front of Huilen and she veered right, but the course correction
 was enough to let Edward get around and cut her off.
 She stopped again and shrank into herself, making a small noise.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huilen, we don't want to hurt you, or...
 Nahuel? Nahuel.
 But it's important to us to find out about half-vampires,” said Edward.
 “Why are you so afraid?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your eyes,” she murmured.
 “They're -- what are you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Patiently -- whether because he was truly patient or because Huilen's thoughts
 were providing satisfactory information -- Edward explained that we 
\emph on
were
\emph default
 vampires, but did not eat humans.
 Huilen seemed only a little surprised by our animal diet, although it struck
 her as odd that this would affect eye color.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why do you want to know about the demon's children?” asked Huilen harshly.
 The way she said it, it was as though she had some specific demon in mind,
 and specific children.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“When I was human,” I said, approaching, “eggs were taken from me.
 We have a human friend who has agreed to bear my child, but we want to
 know if the child could be Edward's too.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your 
\emph on
friend
\emph default
 will die,” spat Huilen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We would like to meet your nephew, Huilen,” murmured Edward gently.
 “And hear the whole of your story.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Huilen's nephew Nahuel was definitely not a vampire.
 His skin was a richly saturated brown, dark and warm, and his eyes the
 same.
 He wore his hair like his aunt's, braided, but it was a bit shorter.
 He had vampirically perfect symmetry, and was quite beautiful, but he didn't
 move 
\emph on
quite
\emph default
 so gracefully, and while I didn't see him run or lift weights, my estimation
 was that he would not be 
\emph on
quite
\emph default
 so fast or strong either.
 But it was close.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The real giveaway was the heartbeat.
 Nahuel's heart thrummed at a speed I'd never heard a human's manage, although
 it was slower than mine or Harry's had been at the final moments of our
 turnings.
 He was also warm, about the same temperature as a werewolf, and smelled
 somewhere between human and vampire -- not like food, but pleasant.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He lived in a tiny house high on a mountain, which would be difficult for
 humans to access but not impossible.
 It was not too far from there to the city of Santiago de Chile, whence
 the vampire who went by “Santiago” apparently hailed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Huilen didn't live with Nahuel anymore, although she had raised him and
 visited frequently.
 “My sister is dead, of course,” she explained, sounding angry.
 “She was so pretty.
 Our parents named her Pire, for the snow on the mountains.
 But she was 
\emph on
too
\emph default
 pretty, and the 
\emph on
Libishomen
\emph default
 wanted her for himself.” I assumed the unfamiliar word was a legendary term
 for vampire.
 “She told me in confidence that an angel had taken her for his lover and
 I knew it was no angel -- she was covered in bruises, I suppose he didn't
 take any care with her.
 I warned her, as if the injuries weren't warnings themselves, but she didn't
 listen -- like she'd been bewitched.
 And she told me she was carrying his child.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This was how long ago?” asked Edward, studying Nahuel's youthful, lovely
 features.
 The half-vampire blinked back at him mildly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A hundred and fifty years, give or take,” supplied Nahuel.
 His voice was clear and gentle.
 “I grew very fast, but stopped when I was seven.
 Haven't noticed any change since.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Amazing,” Edward murmured.
 “Do go on,” he added to Huilen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I knew everyone, even our parents, would want the child dead and Pire with
 him, if she were found to be carrying the demon's spawn, and I couldn't
 lose her,” explained Huilen.
 “I went with her into the jungle, I hunted animals for her and she drank
 their blood ravenously, and she was still weak and her child hurt her from
 the inside, breaking bones.
 I thought perhaps if I nursed her well enough she could live, and then
 the demon's child could be destroyed without harming her.” Nahuel didn't
 have any visible reaction to this description of his fetal self.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But Pire died anyway?” I murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Huilen nodded.
 “She did.
 She lost so much blood, and was so weakened to make him grow so quickly,
 and he had broken so many of her bones.
 But she loved her child.
 She named him Nahuel -- after the jungle cat -- and her dying wish was
 that I care for her son.
 And I told her I would.
 But after he ripped his way out, through the hard shell that had grown
 around him in her womb, and I lifted him from her body, he bit me.
 I crawled into the jungle, and thought I would die.
 When I was finished turning, he was sleeping, curled up beside me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So you're venomous,” Edward said, looking back to Nahuel.
 “And you sleep.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I do, and I am,” confirmed Nahuel.
 “My sisters have no venom, but I do not know if that is due to gender or
 to chance.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You have 
\emph on
sisters
\emph default
,” exclaimed Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Three,” said Nahuel, “as of seventeen years ago.
 The other two are older than me.
 But their mothers died as well.
 My father considers himself a scientist, and thinks he's breeding a master
 race; I'm told that more of his experiments have died in...
 attempting to conceive...
 or during their pregnancies, than have managed to bring to term.
 My sisters travel with him, but I already had Huilen for family, and was
 not interested in going with him when he came looking for me several years
 after my mother's death.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded, crestfallen at the implied death toll.
 It yielded a pessimistic prognosis for an attempt at our own half-vampire
 child.
 I took his hand and folded it in mine.
 Seventeen years previously, medicine had been fairly modern.
 If Nahuel's father had had any interest at all in keeping the newest sister's
 mother alive, and it was the sort of thing that was reliably doable with
 2005 technology, it could most likely have been managed then.
 And Joham was a vampire, and could have turned the mothers if that would
 have saved them and he'd wanted them alive.
 Maybe he didn't care, but he wasn't there to ask.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I asked, but Nahuel couldn't speculate as to how much care the recent crop
 of “attempts” had gotten; Pire had been abandoned altogether once pregnant,
 but that might or might not have been a special situation, as she was with
 Huilen instead of isolated.
 Nahuel rarely had any contact with his father, whose name was Joham but
 whose location and contact information were unknown.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The three sisters were from various parts of the world -- one Aboriginal
 Australian, one Swiss, one Korean.
 Nahuel had heard of failures from Mexico, Iceland, Ghana, Nigeria, China,
 Tibet, India, the Philippines, Indonesia and Russia, and didn't think that
 Joham and the sisters had bothered to mention 
\emph on
all
\emph default
 such deaths.
 So Joham clearly had no geographical pattern that we could use to predict
 his movements.
 There was no realistic hope of finding him and getting more information
 before Aro came to check up on Gianna.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We quizzed Nahuel a little more on his biology, just out of some masochistic
 interest in knowing what could have been.
 He obliged us readily enough.
 He was not as strong, fast, tough, sensorily gifted, precise in movement,
 roomy-minded, or possessed of perfect recall as a vampire.
 In physical power, he was behind an average vampire by the same amount
 that a vampire was behind a newborn; it was similar for the other physical
 abilities.
 His mind had space in proportion to his senses and capacities, as ours
 did.
 He could remember anything he 
\emph on
chose
\emph default
 to remember and might or might not forget things otherwise.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I winced when he remarked casually that he could survive on either human
 food or blood -- human or animal -- but found his aunt's diet the most
 pleasant.
 Huilen’s eyes (of course) were murderous burgundy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nahuel sounded like he was acting on a much milder preference than her,
 though, somewhere between a human's “I really enjoy bacon, and I don't
 like tofu at all” and a vampire's “only human blood will quench my desperate,
 maddening thirst”.
 I was mildly repulsed, which he appeared to notice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I debated with myself whether I ought to try to convert the pair of them,
 or at least Nahuel.
 It felt very 
\emph on
awkward
\emph default
 -- they hadn't expressed the interest that Maggie had.
 Part of me thought that it would be ungrateful and rude of me to have badgered
 Huilen into taking us to her nephew's home and dragged a painful story
 out of them, only to then disapprove of their dietary habits.
 Part of me thought something along the lines of, 
\emph on
people are 
\emph default
dying,
\emph on
 if there's any chance you can stop it then you must tolerate arbitrary
 amounts of awkwardness because there is no embarrassment you can feel that
 it's worth someone's life to avoid
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While Edward accumulated information about Nahuel’s eldest sister's witchcraft
 (she could divert notice away from herself, apparently -- becoming not
 invisible, but uninteresting), I let these parts of myself fight it out.
 If what I really wanted to do was minimize death, I ought to kill Huilen
 then and there.
 Even if I convinced her to become a vegetarian, she was not overwhelmingly
 likely to go on forever without ever messing up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And she could be killed, if I attacked.
 If it came down to it, however insane he thought I was being in my assault,
 Edward would be on my side.
 Just as Irina would have been on Laurent's against her own sisters if they'd
 kicked up a fuss about his killings.
 Edward's mindreading and my newborn strength made the fight almost risk-free
 on our end, even if Nahuel was factored in.
 Neither the hybrid nor Huilen was any sort of witch, and she was small
 and he was weak and slow compared to us.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But I didn't want to kill her.
 That seemed like an incorrect thing to do.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought about it, and decided that this wasn't 
\emph on
just
\emph default
 a matter of wanting to keep my hands clean of death.
 I had no queasiness about the mental image of personally destroying, say,
 Aro, in the likely event that this proved necessary.
 I could probably even bring myself to execute his mate, since she'd been
 in one of the best possible positions to affect the direction of the Volturi
 out of anyone save the three rulers themselves, and had done nothing.
 (And because if I had to kill Aro, it would amount to a mercy killing to
 send his wife after him.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But Huilen was, incredibly, frustratingly, not an 
\emph on
evil woman
\emph default
, even if she'd killed a hundred people or more in every one of the hundred
 and fifty years she'd been a vampire.
 
\emph on
Evil
\emph default
 women did not adhere to the dying wishes of their sisters, from across
 the memory-thinning wall of turning, to bring up their nephews.
 An 
\emph on
evil
\emph default
 Huilen would have strangled the sleeping oxygen-dependent baby who'd curled
 up beside her while she turned.
 Or she wouldn't have taken Pire into the jungle and helped her in the first
 place -- she'd have let their village kill her sister and gestating nephew,
 washing her hands of the mess.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If she really wasn't evil, though, she shouldn't be 
\emph on
murdering people
\emph default
.
 Huilen's death would be dreadful, but her victims weren't evil 
\emph on
either
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Damn the awkwardness, full speed ahead.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a lull in the conversation after Edward established that Nahuel
 had spent one month in the womb from conception to messy, deadly birth.
 Huilen was grimacing again, displaying clear misery over her sister's loss.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's strange to me,” I said quietly, “that you feel so strongly about Pire's
 death, but you both kill humans for food.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
She
\emph default
 was my 
\emph on
sister
\emph default
,” growled Huilen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I held up my hands, palms forward, in a calming gesture.
 “I understand.
 I would feel more strongly about it if one of my family were killed than
 if it were only a stranger, too.
 But of course strangers tend to have families too.” It was difficult to
 restrain my flippancy.
 I would really need to look into that and find a way to force myself to
 be serious, if I were going to make any kind of habit out of vegetarain
 evangelism.
 “Huilen, I understand it's not common knowledge that full vampires can
 live on animal blood -- but Nahuel, if you 
\emph on
know
\emph default
 that 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 can eat animal blood or even humans’ food...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can; that doesn't mean I like it,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe you could rob blood banks or something,” I said.
 My family didn't do this (or even legally buy blood, which doctors such
 as Carlisle could do) because drinking 
\emph on
any
\emph default
 human blood would make it harder to resist killing for more.
 It would be the equivalent of an alcoholic keeping beer in the fridge to
 make it less likely that he'd rob a liquor store if he got a craving.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But it might work differently for a half-vampire (he'd tried animal blood
 and human food long enough to know that they sustained him, for one thing,
 which I didn't think vampires had a history of doing on their own save
 Carlisle).
 And Huilen was 
\emph on
already
\emph default
 killing people.
 If they started drinking blood without murdering to get it, they might
 develop opinions of themselves that were more consistent with vegetarian
 diets, and move in that direction on their own.
 Maybe.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Or at least they wouldn't be 
\emph on
first
\emph default
 up against the wall when the revolution came.
 They'd have a little warning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nahuel looked vaguely interested by the suggestion, as though he might try
 it the way he'd tried other nutritional regimens; Huilen, less so.
 I let the conversation drift away, frowning to myself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We visited with the hybrid coven for a few more hours, picking up minutiae
 we couldn't use about Nahuel and sharing trivia about ourselves.
 Edward seemed inclined to count them among our non-vegetarian friends as
 we departed.
 This was reasonable enough, considering that “non-vegetarian” wasn't a
 disqualifying feature.
 It seemed to make him feel better about having learned that Gianna couldn't
 hope to live through a half-vampire pregnancy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I let Edward continue to teach me to be a polyglot as we went to the nearest
 airport, but my mind wasn't on linguistics.
 I was thinking about death.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It had to go.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's a reasonable assumption that Joham wasn't trying to keep the women
 alive,” Edward said tentatively, during the flight to Norway.
 “If he's trying to breed a master race, he could consider it a sign of
 bad genes or something, if one doesn't survive...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Possibly,” I said.
 “Maybe even probably.
 If it mattered to him 
\emph on
that
\emph default
 much that they were dying, he would have called off the ‘experiment’ hundreds
 of years ago.
 But we don't know how to find him and check.
 We can 
\emph on
stall
\emph default
 for a few months, and see if he visits Nahuel in the available window of
 leeway and is willing to talk to us.
 But we can't tell Gianna we want her to carry a kind of baby that no one
 has ever lived through carrying unless we have some 
\emph on
good
\emph default
 information that says 
\emph on
she
\emph default
 will be okay.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're right,” sighed Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think it's safe to delay until January, maybe even February,” I said,
 patting his arm.
 “Just in case.
 Maybe you could look for him without me along, so Alice could be of more
 help?” Texts and e-mails from Rachel were frequent enough, and apparently
 affected my decisions enough, that there were still irregular blank spots
 in my future that Alice couldn't see.
 She'd been unable to provide advance directions regarding our hunt through
 South America, or it wouldn't have taken us half of August and the first
 week of September to conduct the search.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe,” he said, although he didn't sound very hopeful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was tempted to say something about how being a vampire was better anyway,
 and a human child could turn into a vampire adult one day where a hybrid
 most likely couldn't and vampires had various advantages over half-vampires.
 That was just sour grapes.
 Edward had wanted -- and I had wanted -- 
\emph on
our
\emph default
 baby.
 Of course we'd love the stranger's child.
 But it wasn't the 
\emph on
better
\emph default
 outcome.
 Half-vampires weren't 
\emph on
deficient
\emph default
 in some vitally important way.
 So what if I could beat Nahuel up if I needed to -- he was still unaging,
 still stronger and faster and smarter than a human, and there were hints
 that he didn't have the vampire struggle with blood, which was an advantage.
 Besides, half-vampires could be witches like the eldest sister, and good
 witchcraft could balance any losses in other areas.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So instead of inventing that reassurance I leaned against Edward, exchanging
 comfort that didn't rely on rationalizations.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
