#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{10}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Volterra
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered, as I started to see signs for the airport out the window, how
 vampires got through airport security.
 It seemed unlikely that security scanning machines and the like would react
 normally to them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By the time I was on the jet that James picked out, I still didn't know
 how the Cullens would manage, but James did it by sneaking us into the
 baggage compartment.
 He killed a man to do it.
 He didn't eat him.
 I wasn't sure if he was full, or thought it would be too obvious, or didn't
 want to drop into hunting mode and accidentally turn me into dessert; but
 he just clobbered the guy over the head with a suitcase and then arranged
 the scenario to make it look like the corpse had accidentally dropped the
 luggage onto his own head.
 No blood.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I spent the duration of the murder crouching inside the luggage cart that
 James's victim had been driving.
 I knew James would at least hurt me, and likely kill me, if I tried to
 escape -- and besides, the only people who I'd find useful rescuers wouldn't
 be confused by my hiding place.
 They'd be able to smell or hear me anyway.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Traveling in the baggage compartment of an airplane was not fun.
 I complained softly of hunger and thirst, and James was able to find a
 packed lunch and water bottle with his superior sense of smell.
 From the look of the bag he retrieved it from, it had been intended as
 a carry-on and just barely exceeded the size limit.
 He didn't look thrilled about having to feed me, but didn't complain about
 it either.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I ate it, and it tided me over until the plane arrived in New York, where
 we had to change flights.
 James didn't kill anyone this time.
 He stole a long hooded coat from someone's garment bag to hide under (dawn
 was underway on the east coast) and loosened the latches on the door to
 the belly of the airplane; when we were a hundred feet off the ground,
 he kicked the door open casually, seized me, and fell gracefully to the
 ground in a hail of instrument cases and upholstered sacks and cardboard
 boxes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James did not run with concern for my comfort.
 My ears were ringing with wind.
 I knew vampires could move outrageously fast, and supposed that the ground
 crew might be distracted by the luggage rain, but it still seemed an awful
 risk.
 Maybe he was betting on the fictional Volturi reward being retroactive.
 He leapt into the baggage hold of the next plane.
 I couldn't see anything -- he moved too fast -- but he didn't seem to have
 attracted the attention of anyone who wanted to investigate the rapid dark
 shape hurling itself into the airplane.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This airplane had a caged dog traveling in it.
 It hated James and yowled at him constantly.
 It seemed to irritate him, so he opened its cage, strangled it, and then
 stuffed a luggage strap down its throat in case anyone should happen to
 wonder at its death.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered when I would start going into shock.
 Probably soon.
 I really ought to be in shock.
 Perhaps I was, and hadn't noticed.
 I didn't know what shock was like.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Where are we going?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I dared ask, hours into the second leg of the trip, after he'd found me
 another snack and an entire case of fancy bottled water somebody was bothering
 to import.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Italy,” he said shortly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The plane landed.
 Not one to repeat himself in making an exit, James hid the pair of us in
 a corner.
 When the baggage handlers noticed the dead dog, and started yelling at
 each other about it in rapid Italian, he walked right out behind them,
 me in tow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He broke into and hotwired the first fast-looking car he found in the airport's
 parking lot.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then we drove.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 you get through them to me?” I asked timidly, sitting next to the vampire
 in the driver's seat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, it helped that I know the little one's secret,” he said, as though
 letting me in on a joke.
 The little one -- Alice? I'd 
\emph on
suspected
\emph default
\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Her...
 secret?” Still playing dumb.
 Until he got me to the Volturi he could decide to kill me at any time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes.
 She has visions, you see, of the future.
 A long time ago this would have gotten her burnt at the stake...
 in the nineteen-twenties it was an asylum, shock treatments, that sort
 of thing.
 She was the only one who ever got away from me.
 She had a protector, just one, but he made her safe, not like yours.
 I 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 surprised to see her with that lot, though.
 Anyway, she can be fooled.
 They're only visions, not knowledge.
 Did you know there are a lot of interesting sets to visit in Hollywood?”
 He grinned to himself.
 “Indecision throws her off.
 I told my Vicky all about it, that I'd tell her when to jump in, that she
 should just wait.
 I only made up my mind to do things I wanted her to see -- everything else
 I dithered about even while I was doing it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded slowly.
 If I lived through this, I wanted to be able to tell Alice where she'd
 come from.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But he was done talking about Alice.
 “That, and Sunday night, I nibbled on some of your neighbors a bit.
 Hope you weren't attached to them.
 I tied them up and gagged them so they wouldn't attract any attention with
 their screaming, but I don't imagine that held them for long once they
 woke up and noticed how very, very thirsty they were...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked so 
\emph on
smug
\emph default
.
 So that was how he'd distracted my three watchers.
 He'd turned a confused bunch of newborns loose in the neighborhood, a time-rele
ase threat, and 
\emph on
they
\emph default
 would have made themselves an obvious, immediate danger to me and Charlie
 and everyone else in Forks.
 He would have known when to expect them to finish turning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It might have been sheer luck that Edward had needed to hunt on the same
 night.
 James hadn't given any indication that he also knew Edward's power -- but
 he was clearly an old, experienced vampire, and might have bet on being
 able to take on one or two defenders in a fair fight, with a flailing newborn
 coven and a false lead to Florida distracting the rest.
 Sheer luck, that he'd found me entirely alone -- but skill, that it had
 even been possible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Did he actually believe my nonsense about the Volturi, or was he pretending
 in order to lull me into a false sense of security?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't poke at it.
 If I acted like he might not believe me, it would only bring to mind the
 possibility that I was not to be believed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wow,” I said instead.
 “You're really good at this.
 If they'd made me like them, you wouldn't have wanted me anymore? Like
 that little one?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Idiot!
\emph default
 I screamed at myself, silently in my head.
 
\emph on
Idiot! Idiot! You did not 
\emph default
really
\emph on
 prioritize! You would not have been significantly less useful at self-defense
 if you were in the middle of turning 
\emph default
and then James wouldn't have wanted you
\emph on
 and it would be 
\emph default
over already
\emph on
.
 You'd be a vampire by now, you'd be the other one that got away, 
\emph default
you knew
\emph on
 that every other detail but your own survival was of secondary importance.
 But you didn't get them to inject you with immortality juice because it
 wasn't a 
\emph default
guarantee
\emph on
 and you thought you had your bases covered even though you knew you were
 dealing with something deadly and powerful that wanted you ended about
 which you had limited information...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” he said, unaware of my internal self-castigation.
 “Well, the Volturi will still want you that way, but originally I only
 thought you'd be an interesting meal.
 I'd have been very irritated with them for taking away my fun, of course.”
 
\emph on
But then all his targets would have been fighters in their own right, with
 a chance, not dividing their attention and flying all over creation trying
 to protect three separate squishy humans...

\emph default
 “I killed the one who changed your little friend.” 
\emph on
But the Cullens mostly come in pairs, and if I were a vampire by now then
 
\emph default
all
\emph on
 of them would...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It would not make sense for someone as uninformed as I pretended not to
 ask...
 “You said my neighbors were screaming?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” James chuckled.
 “Yes.
 It's an intriguing process.
 You're sure the one with the reddish hair's not a bit too fond of you?
 I could send him a tape of that after the Volturi get it started.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I shivered.
 “I don't think he likes me at all.
 None of them do.
 They were going to sell me to the Volturi, just like you.
 They'll be mad at you about stealing their reward, I guess, if that's what
 you want?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Makes things interesting that way,” he said, still smirking.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Idiot!
\emph default
 I wailed in the unbroken privacy of my own mind.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Volterra was beautiful, in the way that any city occupied by vampire royalty
 that might be either death or salvation would be beautiful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James started muttering to himself about how, exactly, to track down the
 Volturi, once we were in the city.
 He abandoned the car and followed the heavily shadowed alleys between the
 tallest buildings, sniffing the air.
 Eventually he caught some promising odor and led me -- assuming that I'd
 follow, desparing of escape -- down a sloped tunnel-like alley which ended
 in a brick wall.
 There was an open grate in the pavement -- it looked like a sewer drain.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Down there,” said James.
 “Jump.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll break a leg and then you'll have to carry me.
 I might actually die from a fall,” I said, “if it's deep enough and I land
 wrong -- and I'll probably land wrong.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James groaned, picked me up, and hopped down into the hole without arguing
 further.
 “I hope you're worth all of this,” he mumbled to me, setting me on my feet.
 He inhaled deeply.
 “You've got quite a flavor, you know.
 Better be worth not getting a taste...” He stalked off into the darkness.
 I followed him by sound, tripping frequently; he eventually got annoyed
 and lifted me again.
 I didn't protest.
 I didn't want to crack my head open under a city in Italy, not when I was
 
\emph on
this
\emph default
 close to heroically bluffing my way out of certain death.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We came to a large grate with thick, rusting bars of iron.
 Part of it had been cut away and replaced with a thinner grille, which
 hung on hinges and looked like a door of sorts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James pushed this little door open with his foot.
 It opened into a large, stone room, the far side of which was dominated
 by a heavy wooden door.
 James had to put me down to pull it open; it was immensely thick.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Past this door was a fluorescently lit, unremarkable hallway.
 Pale walls and gray carpet.
 Since I'd be able to navigate that, James put me down, and I stepped forward
 out of sheer curiosity without even looking to see if he wanted to go with
 more caution.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It really was just a hallway.
 But there were vampires in it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were two of them, tall but otherwise indistinct under black shrouds,
 at the far end of the hall in front of what appeared to be an elevator.
 I wasn't actually 
\emph on
sure
\emph default
 that they were vampires until one of them spoke.
 The words were, naturally enough, in Italian.
 But his musical, perfectly precise voice definitely belonged to a vampire.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James replied in the same language, gesturing at me with one thumb.
 I caught his own name, but no other words stood out to me.
 The conversation continued, becoming faster and more heated, until finally
 the shrouded vampire who hadn't spoken cut in with an English sentence,
 directed at me: “Are you a witch?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I shook off the sensation that I was Dorothy Gale of Kansas, and gulped,
 and said, “Yes.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And your power?” inquired the vampire, from beneath her hood.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't have a n-name for it,” I said, stuttering slightly.
 I could not blow this or I was certain I'd be killed.
 “Um...
 m-mental privacy, I guess.
 It's sort of a...
 meta-power.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That is testable,” she announced.
 “You will come with me.
 Both of you.” She moved her head slightly, making it clear despite the hood
 that she was talking to James as well.
 “Stay here,” she told her counterpart.
 He nodded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I followed the female vampire into the elevator, as did James.
 She touched one of the buttons, and it began to convey us upward.
 I felt the urge to ask her name, but this was not quite the social situation
 that it would have been with only humans involved.
 She shrugged the hood of her shroud off; she was as ice-skinned as any
 vampire, with the same burgundy eyes James had, and long black hair.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The elevator opened into a cozy, sophisticated, windowless reception area.
 The walls were decorated with bright landscapes, and deep green carpet
 covered the floor.
 Behind the mahogany counter in the room's center sat a woman -- a 
\emph on
human
\emph default
 woman, with green eyes and too much vibrance to her tea-colored complexion
 to be a vampire.
 She was in her early twenties and pretty, but not eternally so.
 That was not in line with what I'd been told of the Volturi's approach
 to secrecy.
 At all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Buon giorno
\emph default
, Santiago!” the receptionist said brightly to the vampire woman.
 That was a phrase I could at least guess at.
 Just a greeting.
 If it specified time of day, I didn't know -- I had no sense of time left
 after the trip, not having had a chance to look at a clock.
 It was probably Thursday, or early Friday, I thought.
 At least in Pacific time.
 I didn't know Italy's time zone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Buon giorno
\emph default
, Gianna,” replied the vampire -- Santiago.
 Her tone was neutral.
 James seemed as confused as I was by the presence of a human, but didn't
 comment.
 I followed Santiago and James as they went around Gianna's desk and through
 a pair of wooden doors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We went through a perfectly ridiculous maze of halls upon doors upon antechamber
s upon stairs, and finally, what I thought was two floors above ground level,
 we reached what appeared to be our final destination.
 It was an immense, round room.
 There were no artificial lights, just slits of windows letting sunshine
 in, and the only articles of furniture were a number of massive wooden
 chairs, placed at irregular intervals near the walls.
 There was a drain in the middle of the room.
 This did not make a lot of sense on a second story as an entrance or exit,
 like the one in the alley apparently was, but I didn't get the opportunity
 to speculate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were a small handful of vampires in the room.
 Most of them wore ordinary-looking street clothes, but the man who took
 notice of our presence wore a cloak like Santiago's.
 The hood was down, and I noticed as soon as I looked at him that he was
 not typical of the vampires I had met.
 His skin was the customary white, but translucent, like onion or frosted
 glass -- not like the marble of any given Cullen or Santiago or James.
 His eyes 
\emph on
were
\emph default
 red, but with a milky cast over them, as though he had cataracts.
 He didn't seem to have impaired eyesight, but I supposed he could have
 had considerably inferior visual acuity compared to other vampires without
 looking myopic to me.
 He wore his black hair long, and it blended into his shroud.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Santiago, you've brought us visitors,” he said, sounding for all the world
 like Santiago's dotty uncle who was only too pleased to have strangers
 to welcome.
 He spoke in a soft, airy voice, just enough for me to hear, and floated
 forth in a cloud-like drift.
 Where Alice moved like a ballerina, this vampire moved like a soap bubble.
 The other vampires in the room drifted to cluster near him.
 Some stood ahead of him.
 They left his view clear, but were prepared to get in the way if James
 (or, I supposed, I) should decide to attack.
 The rest coalesced behind him, peering over each other's shoulders.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Santiago bowed deeply to him.
 When she straightened up, she moved forward with one white hand extended.
 He placed his palm over her knuckles and closed his eyes.
 A moment later, they broke the contact and Santiago backed away.
 “Interesting,” murmured the onion-skinned vampire.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That one would be Aro, then.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I glanced at James.
 He looked like every passing second made him feel more strongly that this
 had been a bad idea.
 But he didn't speak up as Aro regarded him -- and, intermittently, me --
 with a look of calm thoughtfulness on his face.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm afraid,” said Aro beatifically, “that you have been misinformed, James.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Misinformed about...?” James asked, clearly wrong-footed by Aro's statement.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This child,” Aro said with a wave in my direction, “may well be a witch.
 That remains to be discerned.
 But we have not spoken of her with the coven you mentioned to Santiago.
 Nor have we made a practice of offering permission to violate rules in
 exchange for the capture of even so lovely a jewel.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James was starting to flick his eyes between all the vampires in the room,
 of whom there were really quite a few.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You have been lied to,” Aro said, with a sorrowful look on his face that
 had to be faked.
 “Rather cleverly, it would seem.
 My dear,” he said, turning to me and tilting his head inquisitively, “was
 that story your invention?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, not trusting my voice in that moment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Before we decide how to proceed, I should like to investigate your witchcraft,”
 said Aro, holding forth a pale hand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took six careful steps forward, resisting the temptation to look back
 at James, and placed my fingers against Aro's.
 His skin felt nearly normal for a vampire's, in spite of its unusual appearance
 -- hard, but more brittle in texture, and colder than most.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He closed his eyes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then he opened them again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Fascinating
\emph default
,” he breathed.
 “And one more test...
 Jane, dear one?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was addressing a physically young vampire, the shockingly beautiful planes
 of her ivory face all the more startling given that she looked perhaps
 fourteen.
 “Yes, Master,” she cooed.
 Jane looked at me and smiled like a little angel.
 Nothing happened.
 I blinked at her, nonplussed -- I didn't know what she was meant to have
 done -- and her face twisted into an awful mask of hate.
 She made a sound like an angered snake.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Santiago, my pet, won't you fetch my brothers for me?” Aro said, ignoring
 Jane's livid expression and soft hiss.
 “I believe they will be intrigued to learn of our new guest.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Santiago bowed again, and then she turned about with a swish of her cloak
 to retrieve -- presumably -- Marcus and Caius, who I surmised were not
 present in the room already.
 James let out a small snarl, which startled me enough that I whipped my
 head around to look at him like a scared rabbit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“James, my friend,” said Aro soothingly.
 “It won't do for you to hold a grudge against our charming little witch.
 She was clearly acting in self-defense, as any reasonable person would.
 I should not like to have to decide a fight between the two of you.
 I'm sure you realize that while she would lose on her own merits, there
 is one thing you were not lied to about.” Aro stretched his paper skin into
 a broad smile; it did not tear with strain.
 “We are very pleased with the acquisition of witches.
 Perhaps you have a talent of your own, that let you capture this charming
 young lady away from her guardians?” he guessed.
 “Will you show me?” And he held out his hand again.
 I shuffled away, wanting it to be possible for some Volturi guard member
 to intervene if James lunged for my throat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James approached Aro unwillingly, obviously conscious of all the eyes on
 him.
 The Volturi were accustomed to being obeyed.
 They reacted to disobedience with violence.
 James did not have time for inventive stunts with newborns here: if he
 fought, he would lose.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The vampires' hands touched.
 Aro hummed to himself in thought while he absorbed James's memories.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You took a very serious risk with those new children you made,” tutted
 Aro when they'd dropped their hands.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James shifted edgily.
 He looked like he wanted to drop into a combative crouch and kept thinking
 better of it a fraction of the way through.
 “I knew the coven would control them,” he muttered.
 “If they hadn't been there at the right time, I'd have killed the newborns
 while they were incapacitated with the change before taking the girl.
 They wouldn't have exposed us.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm,” sighed Aro, tipping his head back to scrutinize the ceiling and clasping
 his hands behind his back.
 “I suppose that in such a small town it may have seemed a reasonable risk
 to take.” James nodded dumbly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had turned to face the door whence I'd come, and so I saw the entrance
 of two vampires who had to be Caius and Marcus, flanked by Santiago.
 James turned to see who'd arrived.
 The two new arrivals had Aro's same papery, fragile-looking skin and the
 same cataracts over their red eyes.
 One had similar long, black hair; this one had a bored, detached expression.
 The second had hair as white as his face, and looked annoyed by everything
 his eyes landed on.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Marcus, Caius,” Aro exclaimed in a jovial tone that didn't respond to the
 others' visible emotions at all.
 “We have received such a lovely surprise.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Aro summarized for his “brothers” the events from James's perspective in
 his lilting, fanciful sighs.
 He skipped over trivialities like the deaths of the baggage handler and
 the dog; apparently James had covered those up to his satisfaction.
 Caius spoke little -- brief clarifying questions -- and Marcus not at all,
 although at one time he got up from the thronelike chair he'd gone to sit
 in to brush his hand against Aro's and communicate wordlessly.
 Soon the explanation was complete.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And, dear child,” Aro said to me, turning his gaze in my direction with
 a soft smile, “perhaps you could tell us the actual sequence of events
 leading up to your coming to visit us?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I inhaled deeply.
 If I were very, very lucky, Alice would have seen where I was and the Cullens
 would already be on their way to retrieve me.
 The only way to have our stories straight was if I told the truth -- 
\emph on
only
\emph default
 the truth, not necessarily 
\emph on
all
\emph default
 of it, although major omissions of facts that could be obtained other ways
 wouldn't be wise.
 And of course the Volturi were probably not accustomed to having to learn
 things by being told of them out loud, so I had to expect they'd check
 up on me out of caution.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I stumbled through a synopsis, stuttering at every third word.
 Partway through, my vision swam and the vampire woman standing behind me
 had to catch me to prevent my collapse -- the stress, inadequate food,
 and insufficient sleep were catching up with me.
 I managed to retake my feet and continue the story.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had met the Cullen coven in Forks when I moved there.
 I'd gotten suspicious of them, although I hastened to add that most people
 wouldn't have my resources in connecting the dots and no one else suspected
 a thing.
 They'd sort of adopted me into their family.
 There were plans in the works to turn me at the beginning of the summer,
 where I could be zipped away from home without arousing suspicion.
 Which, I mentioned again, the Cullens were very careful about.
 James's coven had run across us while we were out as a group.
 He, with his habit of hunting interesting and well-protected targets, had
 fixated on me, which the Cullens' talents had detected.
 I explained the plan of action, how they had set it into motion, and the
 point of failure.
 I mentioned that my father was a cop, and had the resources to make a fairly
 extensive and inconvenient network of people curious if anything happened
 to me that I wasn't around to explain.
 But I was clear that I definitely wanted to become a vampire as soon as
 I could do it without arousing curiosity.
 (It would have been smart if I'd gotten started turning on Sunday night
 when that could have saved me from James; now that I was under the Volturi's
 power, it would be no additional help.
 They could destroy vampires without much expenditure of effort, and it
 was entirely up to them whether I or James lived.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I scrupulously avoided bringing up Victoria.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you, dear,” said Aro, having listened with calm attention to my entire
 haphazardly arranged narration.
 “We will now discuss our decision,” he announced, seeming to direct his
 voice particularly towards a small vampire who couldn't have been more
 than fourteen when he was turned.
 In fact, he looked like Jane's twin -- only slightly darker blonde hair
 and thinner lips differentiated their faces, although the boy's range of
 expressions seemed to be more neutral.
 He neither beamed nor scowled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Volturi remained silent for a few moments, and I wondered if I was just
 unable to hear their voices as they reverted to their inaccessible pitches
 and speeds, but then I realized what they were waiting for.
 James's eyes rolled back in his head and he fell like a ragdoll to the
 floor.
 The fourteen-year-old immortal boy was gazing at the tracker with a cold
 steadiness that unnerved me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Then the child's red eyes slid up to look at me.
 I stood trembling, but didn't experience whatever was causing James to
 lie limply on the stones.
 If the boy was exercising his power against me, I was immune to that one,
 too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hmmm,” Aro murmured.
 “It would seem that we cannot maintain our privacy in the typical manner.
 But, my lovely, you seem to be in some distress anyway.
 Perhaps you would prefer not to witness this when you could be sleeping.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sleep.
 Sleep sounded good.
 I was still in my pajamas, an old t-shirt and soft flannel pants, from
 when James had taken me from my bed.
 Did vampires have beds? Maybe that receptionist, Gianna, lived in their
 compound and I could borrow hers...
 I nodded, wobbling again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Aro inclined his head.
 “Oh,” he said.
 “One question.
 What is it that happened to James's mate, Victoria?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Dead,” I whispered.
 James was still on the floor, unresponsive, and didn't hear or couldn't
 react.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm,” sighed Aro.
 “Santiago, dear one, won't you see to our guest's needs?” He waved at me
 dismissively.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I started to fall again, but Santiago whooshed across the room to break
 my fall, and then I passed out entirely.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I woke up under a fluffy duvet, snuggled in a bed more comfortable than
 my own.
 The room had a small window at the very top of the wall, which let in enough
 light to tell me that it was daytime -- although I didn't know what day,
 at this point -- and show me the contents of the room.
 Apart from the bed, there was a spindly wooden chair, which held a change
 of clothes.
 Under the chair was a basket with a lid.
 There were two doors into the room: one was closed, and one was open enough
 to reveal the little bathroom.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On top of the outfit was a handwritten note.
 
\emph on
Please help yourself to anything you need from the bathroom, and these clothes,
 and the food under the chair.
 When you're ready, Santiago is waiting outside for you.
 There is no danger and no hurry.

\emph default
 The note was signed “Gianna” -- apparently she knew English.
 It was the most welcome piece of paper I'd ever seen in my life.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took a long, hot shower.
 I brushed my teeth.
 I blew my hair dry.
 The shampoo and other items were all labeled in Italian, but I guessed
 by packaging and the odd linguistic cognate which things were what, and
 got gloriously, spectacularly clean.
 I felt more alive and lucid than I had in days.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna had left me a blue t-shirt and a gray, swishy skirt.
 I was normally a pants sort of person, but Gianna was taller than me, and
 if these were her clothes, it made sense: the skirt would be more likely
 to fit than a pair of jeans.
 I put them on and checked myself out in the bathroom mirror.
 I looked basically normal.
 I could have been getting ready to go to school.
 School couldn't have seemed farther away.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I opened the basket under the chair.
 Little cellophane bags of snackfood, an apple, a dinner roll, a candy bar
 -- easy, quick food that would have been fine at room temperature while
 I slept.
 I ate all of it, even the oversalted chips, and then put the apple core
 and other debris in the chip bag and discarded it in the bathroom's wastebasket.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I approached the other, closed door.
 Gianna had written that there was no danger.
 I didn't know for sure if that was true -- but I'd been left to sleep,
 safely, given the chance to clean up and have breakfast.
 That didn't seem like the sort of treatment that would precede an execution
 without notice.
 I was, it seemed, actually witchy enough to hang onto my life.
 And related to an annoying enough profession to keep my heartbeat until
 a time of my choosing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pushed open the door.
 Santiago, in her cowl, was indeed waiting outside the door.
 “Hello, Bella,” she said.
 She was the first person to use my name since I'd arrived.
 I supposed Aro might have told her; he could have gotten it from James,
 who had heard me introduced.
 Still, it was a little surprising.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hello, Santiago,” I said.
 “Uh...
 thank you for your help.” Her eyes were still burgundy, although they deepened
 to black around the pupil -- I was talking to a thirsty vampire murderess
 and I still felt stupidly, profoundly grateful for her presence.
 Aro was vaguely creepy; but Santiago had a professional demeanor that made
 her feel predictable and safe.
 I was not designated food, and therefore she would not eat me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Volturi were killers -- but they were 
\emph on
lawful
\emph default
 killers.
 They could be bargained with, reasoned with.
 I'd made a good call in luring James to them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm to conduct you to the hall,” Santiago told me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I said, and she turned without further explanation and led me through
 the maze that was the Volturi compound.
 Eventually, once I was starting to wonder if I didn't need to go back and
 sleep for a couple more hours after all, we reached the same round room
 full of vampires I'd been to before.
 “
\emph on
\lang italian
La tua cantante!
\emph default
\lang english
” one of them was exclaiming as I entered -- it sounded like Aro.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were different vampires in the hall this time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By the time I registered that I ought to look twice at the faces off to
 the left, I was already swept up in Edward's intense embrace.
 “Bella,” he whispered in my ear, holding me to him so tightly I was challenged
 to draw breath.
 “Bella, Bella, my Bella, you're 
\emph on
alive
\emph default
...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did they tell you I wasn't?” I asked, winding my arms around him and leaning
 my head on his shoulder.
 “I'm fine.
 I had a bad day, or two, but I'm fine.
 How long have you been here?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hours!” he growled.
 “They wouldn't let us see you...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I was sleeping.
 I really needed it.
 They could have let you in to check on me, though,” I frowned.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ah, but Bella, my dear,” said Aro.
 He was sitting on one of the chamber's thrones, hands folded, expression
 benign.
 “They might have disturbed your rest.
 And, of course, we had much to discuss.
 It has been too long since we have had a visit from our old friend Carlisle
 and his coven.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked over at the other Cullens who had arrived: Carlisle and Esme were
 there, but not the remaining four.
 “I'm sorry I kept you waiting,” I told Edward, looking up at him.
 “I didn't see any way to get in touch with you that wouldn't have been
 too dangerous until I finally got here, and then I basically told my story
 and passed out.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't be sorry,” he said, squeezing me tighter.
 “I am so glad you're safe.
 I can't believe I was so irresponsible
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hey,” I said.
 “It was my suggestion that you hunt, and if you hadn't, you might have
 died trying to fight James off.
 Nobody we like is dead.
 That is a good thing.” I glanced at Aro.
 “Uh...
 What happened to James?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Aro tilted his head.
 “You needn't worry about him anymore, dear Bella,” he said smoothly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They didn't like his stunt with the newborns,” Edward muttered in my ear.
 “And didn't think they could control him as a member of the guard -- and
 they already have a better tracker.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded faintly and leaned against Edward for comfort.
 There had been more deaths than I liked, even if I had no reason to care
 for James or his mate and hadn't known the baggage handler.
 Or the dog.
 “What happened to the newborns?” I asked in a soft voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward twined his fingers in my hair.
 “Two are dead,” he said, voice full of regret.
 “The third was sufficiently under control that we're trying to bring him
 into the family, but it's going to be hard for him.
 He didn't have the warning you do.
 The others are at home now, supervising him.
 I don't think you knew any of them.” He listed some names, none familiar
 -- the one who was still breathing was named David.
 “They weren't able to kill anyone else,” Edward assured me before I asked,
 “before my family got to them.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is it safe for me to be around David?” I asked.
 “If it's not...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward winced.
 “I thought of that.
 We aren't sure what to do.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe you'd better turn me early,” I sighed.
 “We'll think of some story...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“On top of the story we're already trying to cook up to explain your disappearan
ce?” Edward asked.
 “And the disappearances of the three legally dead? That's a lot of stories,
 Bella.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I frowned.
 “Right.
 It will smooth over better if I'm there in obvious good health, fit to
 be seen in public.
 Uh...” I wracked my brain.
 “Do the Denalis live in a more remote location? Would they take him?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's a good idea, Bella,” Edward soothed, cool fingers resting on the back
 of my neck.
 “We'll ask them.
 But I think it's time we got you home now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Okay.” I relaxed into his embrace.
 I was tired of holding myself up.
 “Oh.
 There's one thing I'd like to do first -- if it's okay.” I glanced over
 at the Volturi, who had witnessed our entire conversation with expressions
 ranging from mild curiosity to bemusement to morbid fascination.
 (I became more convinced that most vampires did not first meet their mates
 as humans.
 I wouldn't have been such an interesting sight otherwise.) “I want to talk
 to Gianna, and thank her.” 
\emph on
And figure out what in the hell she's doing here
\emph default
, I didn't add.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course.
 Santiago,” said Aro with a small, flicking gesture.
 Santiago bowed again, turned, and led me, Edward, Carlisle, and Esme into
 the maze.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did you meet Gianna?” I asked Edward in a low voice.
 To let me walk, he'd released me from his hug, but we were holding hands.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I noticed her.
 We weren't formally introduced,” he murmured.
 “What are you thanking her for?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She left me these clothes, and some food, and I think I was sleeping in
 her bed -- I don't know why else there would be a bed in here, unless there
 are other humans involved.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Just her,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Santiago showed us to the room I'd slept in.
 Gianna was inside, changing the sheets.
 I motioned for Edward and his parents to hang back while I went in; Santiago
 swooshed away up the hall without prompting, apparently expecting us to
 be able to find our own way out when we were done.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Gianna?” I said.
 I wasn't sure if her spoken English was as good as her writing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hello, Bella,” she said, turning a pleasant smile on me.
 “I've put your clothes in the wash, but they aren't done yet.
 Do you want me to send them to you in America?” She had an accent, but
 it was faint and pleasant, and didn't make her hard to understand at all.
 She chose words quickly and confidently, so I assumed she'd been working
 with English for some time, even if it wasn't her native language.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, thank you,” I said.
 “Uh, do you want me to send you these?” I tugged at the skirt, which swished
 around my ankles.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They're yours,” she said, patting my arm.
 “I hope I found you enough food.
 I usually eat out, and only had a few snacks around.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It was perfect, I came to thank you,” I said.
 “Thank you, for the food, and the note, and the clothes, and the bed --
 it was just what I needed to wake up to after the trip I had.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It was no trouble at all,” she assured me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is this -- uh, looking after human visitors -- what you mostly do here?”
 I asked.
 It felt like an intrusive question, only a hair more polite than “What
 the hell are the Volturi doing breaking their own laws by having you around?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, guests like you are very rare,” she said, not looking offended at all.
 “I'm the human representative when the Volturi need to send someone into
 a context where one of their guard would be too noticeable -- anything
 outdoors in the daylight, where they can't go cloaked.
 I handle the laundry.
 When I'm not doing that, I sit at the reception desk -- you saw -- but
 there aren't many receptionist tasks to do.
 It's light work.” She tossed her hair with a cheerful smile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How do you even get a job like this?” I asked.
 “They can't advertise in the classifieds, Wanted: Representative/Laundress/Secr
etary for Vampire Ruling Coven, and get serious answers...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They don't,” she laughed.
 “I believed all the legends, when I was a little girl.
 They tell a lot of vampire stories in this town.
 I never quite stopped thinking they were true.
 And one day I decided to go searching for them.
 I found what I was looking for.” Her smile was genuine, but closed, somehow.
 She didn't want me to ask too many questions about that.
 She didn't want to tell me what would make her go on a vampire hunt.
 She didn't want to share the story of how she'd convinced them to hire
 her and not kill her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded slowly.
 “I need to go home,” I said, “my father's probably absolutely frantic --
 but I just wanted to thank you.
 Um, if you have an e-mail address or a phone number...
 We're probably the only two humans in the world who hang out with vampires
 all the time,” I offered, as a rather pathetic excuse to keep in touch
 with her.
 I was mostly curious -- and a little afraid for her life.
 She hadn't been eaten so far; she certainly might be later, if the Volturi
 tired of her.
 “We should talk more.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna had a tiny notebook in the pocket of her leaf-patterned skirt.
 Clearly, a woman after my own heart.
 She wrote down an e-mail address on it, and a phone number complete with
 country code, then handed me the detached page.
 “I can't always answer the phone,” she said.
 “I keep irregular hours and I sometimes have business unexpectedly.
 I get to a computer every three or four days.
 But I'd like to hear from you, Bella.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I smiled at her.
 “Well, thanks again.
 Um, bye.” And then I turned to go back to Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bye, Bella,” called Gianna.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward put his arm around my shoulders after I'd pocketed Gianna's contact
 information, and the two of us, followed by Carlisle and Esme, made our
 way out of the compound.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Once we were out of doors, and in the car the Cullens had rented to get
 around Volterra (with a sufficiency of window tint to let them be unobtrusive),
 Edward handed me a phone.
 “Come up with a better story if you've got one, but here's our idea,” he
 said.
 “The illness you were faking sometimes causes sleepwalking and erratic
 circadian rhythms.
 You wandered onto the bed of someone's pickup truck, curled up there, and
 were driven all the way to California without waking up or being noticed,
 since you pulled a tarp over yourself to keep warm.
 When you woke up in a parking lot all alone, you found a gas station, borrowed
 quarters, and called me right away because you were embarrassed at the
 prospect of asking Charlie for taxi money.
 Carlisle was in town for a medical conference and I told you so, and sent
 him to pick you up.
 You just met up with him and you'll be home in twelve hours.
 You are also over your disease now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a convoluted, ridiculous story, but I didn't have any other way to
 explain why I'd disappeared from my bed, been gone for two days without
 contacting my parents, and was about to return safe and sound.
 I dutifully took the phone, dialed home, and recited the lies to Charlie.
 He seemed incredulous, but I put Carlisle on the phone, who confirmed it
 all (including the humbug about sleepwalking) with such a serious and honest
 tone that I was half-inclined to believe him myself.
 I took the phone back and told Charlie that, no, I didn't have the license
 number of the pickup truck.
 He uttered a few fussing, fretting sentences, but wasn't in a position
 to actually do anything.
 Finally, he let me off the phone with a gruff, “I love you, Bells.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I love you, too, Dad,” I told the phone.
 “I'll see you soon.” And then I flipped it closed.
 “I wish I could tell him everything,” I sighed, putting my head on Edward's
 lap.
 The no-seatbelts precaution made it a lot easier to move around freely
 in the car.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward stroked my hair and said nothing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The way Cullens got onto airplanes was this: accepting pat-downs after they
 made the scanning machines go absolutely haywire, complaining vaguely of
 having “weird bioelectricity
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 When that didn't quite work, outright bribery in large denominations.
 And, apparently, flirting with the security officers.
 Esme made awfully compelling doe-eyes at one portly fellow, accompanied
 by a flutter of Italian.
 He stammered at her a little and waved her through, then looked hurt when
 she joined an indulgent Carlisle and kissed him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was much easier to get through security: Edward had found my passport
 in my room before leaving for Italy and the security equipment didn't so
 much as blink a light at my passage.
 And the plane rides, spent in first class and in Edward's arms, were much
 more pleasant than my other recent experiences with aircraft.
 Particularly since I was welcome to any food I wanted from what the Cullens
 received, and therefore had not one, but four miniature cheesecakes.
 There was, however, a tense moment when I described for him the tests Aro
 had undertaken of my witchcraft.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He told 
\emph on
Jane
\emph default
 to try
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” sputtered Edward, looking angrier than I'd ever seen him except when
 he'd been roaring at James.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It didn't work,” I hurried to say.
 “Nothing happened.
 She looked really upset about it.
 Why, what does she do?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's teeth were clenched so tightly I thought he might split a molar.
 Carlisle explained for him.
 “Jane's talent is a sadistic one,” he said in a soft voice that carried
 to my seat and no farther.
 “She can cause pain.
 A purely mental pain, but a disabling one.
 She is limited to one subject at a time, and is restricted to victims in
 her line of sight, but she's feared nonetheless.
 You are very lucky to have proven immune.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” I breathed.
 Lucky indeed.
 I loved my witchy talent very much.
 “Uh, and the boy who looks like her -- I didn't get his name? He doesn't
 work on me either,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alec,” said Edward, finally relaxing his jaw enough to talk.
 “He is Jane's biological twin.
 And his power is the opposite of hers in many ways.
 He's anaesthetic where she is torture -- he turns off all senses, even
 proprioception.
 He can affect several at a time and doesn't need to look at all of his
 targets, but his power moves slowly.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That was consistent with what I'd seen.
 “James fell over when Alec looked at him,” I remembered.
 “I guess it's hard to stand up if you can't feel where your legs are.” Edward
 nodded with a sort of grim satisfaction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What does `
\emph on
\lang italian
la tua cantante
\emph default
\lang english
' mean?” I asked him, changing the subject from what grotesque powers I
 was protected from.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It means `your singer',” Edward said.
 “That's what the Volturi call someone who smells the way you do to me --
 they think of it as your blood singing for me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's kind of gross,” I remarked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A little,” laughed Edward.
 “They think it's a waste that I haven't eaten you.
 They consider singers the ultimate delicacy.
 And Aro said he'd never have believed there was a singer so powerful if
 he hadn't smelled you in my memories.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He read you.” My stomach turned a little.
 I didn't like the idea of Aro spying on Edward...
 or me, through Edward's eyes.
 I'd been careful not to drop hints of my plans for world domination, but
 I wasn't too pleased with the notion that Aro now had a full complement
 of memories of Edward kissing me, Edward leaving me gifts, Edward carrying
 me through the woods, Edward guarding me for days at a stretch.
 I hadn't liked Aro before; now I liked him less.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded, looking somber but not nauseated.
 “It's his standard means of communication for anything complicated.
 Marcus rarely speaks at all, preferring to simply transmit to Aro and let
 him do the talking.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm glad my mind is safe,” I murmured.
 “I wish yours were.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward kissed the crown of my head.
 “I'll admit it chafes at me a bit that 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 can't read you,” he said.
 “But I'm glad you prefer it that way, since it doesn't seem there's any
 way around it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's good there's no way around it,” I said.
 “If there were, then Aro could decide to coerce me into dropping the shield.
 Since I can't drop the shield, he knows there's no point in threatening
 me or anything -- it won't do any good.
 It's to my advantage not to be able to turn it off.
 Even if I wanted to let 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 in, just having that ability would be bad.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward looked thoughtful.
 The conversation lulled, and then turned to other subjects: the Denali
 coven and speculations about how they would get on with David; whether
 Laurent was still with them and how, if at all, the news of his coven-mates'
 destruction could be broken; James's knowledge of Alice's origins, and
 the development of a plan to send her to the region where she'd woken,
 to search for herself in asylum records.
 (I didn't like to think of Alice locked up in a psychiatric hospital, especiall
y not in the early nineteen hundreds.
 She was so bubbly, and seemed to take so much joy in things, that it seemed
 unreasonably cruel.
 And, on top of that, her visions were 
\emph on
true
\emph default
 -- or, at least, were in her vampire life.
 I supposed they could have been hallucinatory when she was human.)
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
