#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{4}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Vampires 101
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was no point in hating, resenting, or even shouting at Edward, or
 Emmett, or any other Cullen family vampires who had slipped up in the past.
 It would not bring any victims back to life.
 To the extent that any of them thought much of my opinion, they could guess
 it.
 Adding strident yelling wouldn't be a significantly greater deterrent.
 And I didn't even know if it was 
\emph on
reasonable
\emph default
 to expect perfect behavior from vampires.
 How many were there in the world? It didn't matter very much.
 “Most” vampires ate humans.
 And all vampires were made 
\emph on
from
\emph default
 humans, most of whom were not actionably inclined to murder.
 Something about the transition -- something I didn't know much about --
 turned humans into blood-drinking killers most of the time, and the Cullens,
 plus their friends from Denali, were doing their best to avoid it.
 They could not be turned back into a less bloodthirsty species.
 All that was left was damage control.
 I took a quick assessment of myself and determined that even if I'd had
 the ability, I hadn't the stomach to do the family in to protect future
 victims of unknown number.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 a point in seriously assessing whatever factor made it happen, and determining
 whether or not I could handle it, before 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 turned in my mortality.
 I had to ask them about that.
 I considered starting with Edward, but it would be too awkward -- Alice
 seemed safer to start with.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward obliged me with details anyway after we'd been on the road for a
 minute.
 “Left up here,” he murmured.
 “It wasn't\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 
\emph on
as
\emph default
 bad as you might be thinking,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't have a specific body count in mind,” I said levelly.
 “Was it just one?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” he said.
 “No, it wasn't.
 But -- I know you don't like that I can read minds, but I can, and that
 let me be selective in some ways.” I made a skeptical face, although I didn't
 take my eyes off the road.
 Edward continued.
 “When Carlisle turned me, at first, of course I could read him.
 His perfect sincerity.
 I understood immediately why he lived the way he did.
 It was hard, but for almost a decade I had a perfect record.
 And then I decided -- I'm not going to pretend to you that I snapped and
 in a fit of passion did what I did.
 I decided to experiment with a different way of life.
 But I was selective, like I said.
 I went to big cities, found some truly evil people.
 I told myself that if I happened to run across a murderer stalking a girl
 down an alley, and I saved her, then surely, I wasn't so terrible.
 It was only a rationalization.
 I'm still a murderer.
 But\SpecialChar \ldots{}
” He paused, awaiting my reaction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” I breathed.
 That was\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 that was better.
 He seemed to think it was 
\emph on
worse
\emph default
 that it had been a conscious choice instead of a moment of failed control.
 I didn't agree.
 This was partly because it made me safer.
 If he decided to eat humans again, well, I was a little more 
\emph on
appealing
\emph default
 than some potential victims, but I was appealing in an impulse way more
 than in a deliberative way.
 If I wasn't in a room with him, and he mulled to himself that he really
 preferred to go back to munching humans, it would be more likely that he'd
 hie himself off to another big city, find another suitably depraved victim,
 and eat them instead.
 He knew I had family -- in particular, Charlie could make things inconvenient;
 even a dead cop who went abruptly missing or dead-with-no-blood-left could
 get the attention of other police.
 And I suspected that Alice would be at least annoyed with him if he ate
 me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So I was likely to be safer from him than I'd thought.
 It would still be foolish to tempt impulse too rashly.
 For example, I still did not think it would make sense to have him carry
 me at high speed when the wind would waft extra-concentrated Essence of
 Bella right into his lungs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So after a little under five years of that,” said Edward guiltily, “I went
 home to Carlisle and Esme.
 They welcomed me back with open arms.
 Like the prodigal son.
 It was far more than I deserved.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That actually makes me feel considerably safer,” I said honestly.
 I was about to ask why he didn't make a habit of going on with the Batman
 routine sans complimentary beverages -- at night, perhaps, when he didn't
 have to sleep and for the thematic appropriateness -- but then I realized.
 That would be conspicuous.
 To 
\emph on
eat
\emph default
 humans was fine, and the Volturi apparently cared not a whit for selection
 algorithm.
 To tie them up and deposit them unbloodied with lists of their crimes pinned
 to their shirts, at the doorstep of the local police department\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 would probably
 put a dent in the collective vampire artifice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward looked bewildered.
 I clarified: “I feel safer in comparison to when I didn't know the details.
 Not in comparison to when I didn't realize you'd killed anybody at all.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're a very puzzling girl, Bella Swan,” Edward muttered.
 “Take this exit.
 Must you drive so slowly?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was going precisely the speed limit.
 “I don't think my truck could take much more, honestly,” I said.
 “Perhaps I should have let you drive, given that -- since you do have the
 better reflexes between the two of us.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think that would be worse.
 I like to drive fast,” said Edward, grinning slightly.
 “It's not quite as awful to be driven slowly as it would be to drive this
 pokey thing myself.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All right, then I'm the designated driver,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Next time you should just let me run you there.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wasn't aware of plans for a next time, but I supposed the way things were
 going I'd visit the vampires again eventually.
 “I'm not sure you ought to pick me up, even with the feeling safer bit,”
 I said.
 “If you run, that'll just blow my scent in your face unless I ride piggyback
 -- and I'm not at all confident I could hold on piggyback at high speed.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did Alice tell you during Vampires 101 that we don't actually have to breathe?”
 asked Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Oh, that was interesting.
 “You don't breathe?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We do,” he corrected.
 “We can smell, which requires breathing, and we talk, which requires air.
 But if we don't care to do either of those things, it won't harm us to
 simply stop breathing.” He paused.
 “That's how I managed the first day you came to Biology.
 As soon as I got ahold of myself I didn't breathe until the class ended.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And this wouldn't make it any harder for you to run?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He shook his head and smiled.
 “Air isn't fuel to us the same way it is to humans.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Perhaps, then, although I have to admit it doesn't sound comfortable.” That
 part would apply to his siblings just as much, though.
 “But if you were doing that we couldn't be having this charming conversation
 about how you can do that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That got an outright laugh, which added charming color to the sentence “pull
 in at the big house there”.
 I rolled up the driveway, admiring the home.
 It was indeed big.
 I'd noticed that we'd actually left Forks proper, having bridged the Calawah
 River and continuing north through scarcely marked roads.
 A good chunk of the drive had been through very thick forest.
 I wondered if the vampires had had to clear a lot of trees to make driving
 possible.
 The ride was surprisingly smooth; they probably didn't care to jostle their
 pretty car every time they drove to school.
 The house itself was a faded white, with graceful architecture, and when
 I got out of the truck I noticed that the entire south wall was one enormous
 window: just glass.
 The effect was very striking.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you like it?” asked Edward, shutting the passenger behind him after
 he hopped out.
 I nodded, smiling.
 “Esme has a fondness for architecture,” he said affectionately.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She built this house?” I could see it now -- a vampire easily lifting beams,
 pushing nails into their proper places by tapping them like piano keys,
 cutting glass by stroking it with one of those stony fingers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Restored it,” Edward said.
 “She likes to fix up old historical places.
 But there's a lot of her in it.” He cocked his head slightly.
 “Here she comes now,” he went on.
 “Bella, it looks like it's time for you to meet my parents.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle and Esme exited their house, closed the doors behind them, and
 then -- having no reason to hide their speed -- appeared before us, from
 thirty feet away, too quick for me to follow their paths.
 When they stopped, Carlisle had an arm around Esme's shoulders and she
 had one around his waist; they looked very picturesque indeed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The good doctor looked like his biggest problem in life was probably having
 nurses and patients hit on him.
 He looked like he was in his twenties -- his 
\emph on
early
\emph default
 twenties.
 The only way I could imagine him ever passing for thirty-five would be
 by living someplace for fifteen years and betting on the sheer unbelief
 of the people around him.
 He was blond, his skin the same chalk color as the others, and his eyes
 were black -- not gold.
 I needed to ask what that meant -- it probably wasn't random.
 He wore a warm, paternal smile, which he turned on Edward first before
 looking at me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme looked a little older, and that probably helped with the subterfuge,
 but she was still clearly young and lovely.
 (Did no one ever turn octogenarians? Or did the turning process cure wrinkles?)
 Her hair was a dark reddish blond -- sort of butterscotch -- and she had
 topaz-colored eyes, darker than the golden color on Edward but not as black
 as Carlisle's.
 She was roundish -- not heavy, but huggable-looking (which I knew wasn't
 accurate) and several inches shorter than her husband.
 Everything about her face -- heart-shaped and every bit as pretty as Alice's
 -- made her look motherly; it didn't surprise me that it was the role she
 occupied.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Welcome, Bella,” said Esme in a warm, loving voice to match her appearance.
 “We're so glad to finally meet you.” I felt comfortable at once -- no Jasperish
 sorcery, just my lie detectors going completely quiet as they listened
 to Esme express that she was pleased to have me at her home.
 I smiled back, nearly grinning, and thanked her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle extended his hand for me to shake.
 “It's good of you to come,” he said.
 “I understand we'll be demonstrating various features of the species for
 you?” He had a kind, soft voice, which I imagined helped greatly with his
 bedside manner.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's the plan, although I'm beginning to think they're redundant,” I
 admitted.
 “I'm pretty sure you're all actually vampires who actually have superpowers
 and will be able to pick up any heavy object I happen to point out to you,
 plus everything else my list calls for.
 I mostly haven't canceled just because you were all led to expect the tests
 to happen, and so I don't feel like an idiot in the unlikely event that
 you later turn out to be stage magicians with poor circulation.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle laughed.
 “It's no trouble,” he said, “and it will give us a chance to get to know
 you better.
 Alice has informed us that you're going to be part of the family.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wasn't sure if he meant that Alice thought I'd be a vampire, or that she
 had recently seen me marrying Edward or something like that -- and with
 Edward standing right there, I couldn't ask.
 So I just smiled back at him and said, “Where are we headed?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The clearing where we play baseball,” Edward said.
 “Emmett, Alice and Jasper are already there.” He paused, and then said,
 “Esme, would you carry her?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had not expected that.
 We'd discussed the fact that he didn't need to breathe -- was there some
 other reason it was dangerous that he'd only just thought of? He'd been
 all for the idea minutes earlier.
 Esme didn't look like it made a lot of sense to her either, but she looked
 to me for confirmation, and I nodded.
 She took two steps toward me and then scooped me up gently in her arms,
 one behind my back and one under my knees.
 It wasn't as uncomfortable as I would have thought, although I wouldn't
 have chosen to sit that way while trying to read or otherwise relax.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme looked to Carlisle, who nodded, and the three vampires took off.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme was fast.
 And she didn't even seem to be pushing herself.
 The impression I had of her gait was that it resembled a jog more than
 a run, even as she moved through the trees so fast that they blurred around
 me and wind forced me to close my eyes to the indistinguishable color.
 But her strides were very level -- I bobbed up and down a little bit, but
 overall found the experience less physically exhilarating than a typical
 roller coaster.
 On a mental level, it was 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 cool that a vampire was carrying me through the woods at high speed.
 I'd expected to be terrified, but Esme was calming.
 Perhaps that was why Edward had asked her to be the one to carry me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After about a minute and a half of gently whizzing along, Esme came to a
 halt and I opened my eyes.
 Carlisle, Edward, and Esme, who was still holding me, all stood at the
 edge of a clearing about twice the size of a baseball stadium.
 (I had seen one of those up close while Phil had been attempting to bond
 with his future stepdaughter.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett, Alice, and Jasper were already present.
 Alice skipped up to me, grinning, and Esme put me down.
 “I think it would be most impressive if I were the one to pick something
 heavy up,” Alice said brightly.
 “Since I'm smaller than everyone else.
 Want to go hunting for a good log or do you just want me to tell you which
 one you're going to pick?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't really want to go hunting for a good log.
 It was wet out, and I didn't care very much anymore about doing controlled
 tests.
 “Lead the way,” I told Alice, and she traipsed back into the forest with
 me following.
 It was difficult to pick my way through the thick undergrowth, and I was
 glad I was in unfavorite pants.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The log was a monstrosity.
 The tree that had died to create it must have been many times older than
 me.
 I gave it a kick; it was sturdy, not particularly rotted, and didn't budge
 a bit with the force my human leg could offer.
 It was satisfactory.
 I stepped back -- I thought Alice could pick up the tree, but I didn't
 think she could prevent damp debris from falling off of it as she did,
 and I didn't care to have to pick it out of my hair.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice sauntered up to the log, found a good spot in the middle to lift it
 from, and hefted it high above her head in a single motion.
 Leaves, bits of bark, and droplets of moisture rained down around her;
 she shook her head back and forth so fast that her face was a blur, shaking
 off most of it.
 Then, just to top it all off, she started doing a little Celtic-ish dance
 while carrying the dead tree.
 It was a reasonably comical sight.
 Tiny Alice -- two inches shy of five feet, her limbs a fraction of the
 diameter of the log she was holding, leaping about and kicking the air
 as though unburdened and also the star of Riverdance.
 I laughed, and Alice tossed the tree into the air, swept herself into a
 curtsey, and caught it as it fell.
 Then she swiftly dug a hole in the dirt with one foot -- I winced on behalf
 of her shoe -- and 
\emph on
planted
\emph default
 her log, root end first, in the ground.
 It sank quite a bit deeper than the hole should have allowed, and stayed
 in place once she let go.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mouth was hanging open by the end of her performance, and Alice smirked
 at me.
 “Cross off test one?” she asked smugly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I managed to get my jaw closed, and nodded at her.
 I followed her back to the clearing.
 “Edward is fastest,” said Alice, “and it's pretty flat here, so we probably
 don't need to put you up a tree so you can see.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Wordlessly and with the edge of a smile on his face, Edward walked into
 my field of vision, spread his arms as though to simply remark that he
 was present, and then spun 180° like a top and was at the far edge of the
 field in a moment.
 Once there, he paused long enough to be visible and just barely recognizable,
 waved, and was back at my side before my vision had completely refocused.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Wow
\emph default
,” I breathed.
 I was beginning to think that the only reason Alice hadn't seen me calling
 off the “experiments” on account of un-curiosity halfway through was because
 they were just that fascinating to watch.
 I didn't want to know what would happen, I wanted to 
\emph on
watch
\emph default
 it happen.
 With a pang, I realized this made the entire exercise considerably more
 like what Rosalie had called it -- “tricks”.
 But Alice had seemed to be having fun, at least.
 It was at least possible that they thought it was amusing to show off to
 someone who didn't find their abilities commonplace.
 At any rate, none of them had complained much about Rosalie's declining
 to participate, so I had to conclude that they were all there of their
 own free will.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward smiled at me.
 It was somewhat dazzling, and I found that I needed to check my list of
 tests to find what was next.
 It was the vision and hearing ones -- not as spectacular, but impressive
 in their own right.
 I explained the protocol, and Jasper volunteered silently for the first:
 he raced to the opposite edge of the clear spot -- staying in sight --
 almost as fast as Edward had done.
 (I wasn't sure if my impression that he went slower was due to my having
 been told that Edward was faster, or due to Jasper deliberately going under
 his top speed, or due to my actually having the ability to detect a difference
 in vampiric levels of rapidity over short distances.) I muttered under my
 breath a series of digits that I'd invented and memorized earlier: “two,
 five, two, one, eight, eight, zero, three, nine, four, two, three, seven,
 one, five, six, zero, four.
 All done.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jasper zipped up to me, took my list of tests and my pencil deftly from
 my hands, and wrote “252188039423715604” next to the third description.
 He returned the objects and went to stand next to Alice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle obliged me with the vision test, reading from across the field
 handwriting so tiny that I could barely make it out with my eye right next
 to the paper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett was Edward's source of information for the mindreading test.
 The range of mental hearing was a few miles for familiar “voices” like
 Emmett's, if they were being deliberately sought, and so Edward simply
 went back to the Cullen house in order to attend to the various things
 I showed his brother.
 As with the other tests of senses, Edward returned to the group and reproduced
 everything with perfect fidelity.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do vampires,” I wondered aloud when I'd heard Edward's verbatim recital,
 “have perfect recall? Is that another one of your things?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” said Edward, “but only of memories we form as vampires.
 It's very hard to hold onto human experiences.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That must be 
\emph on
nice
\emph default
,” I said with an envious moan, checking off #5.
 “Alice, when can we expect sunshine?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice said serenely, “Right\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 about\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 now.” As she spoke the last word, she pivoted
 and shoved Esme a few feet forward; Esme, though she looked startled, still
 kept her footing and managed to look graceful in her trajectory.
 It took her right in the middle of a single sunbeam that broke the clouds
 overhead.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme, posed with perfect stillness once she noticed the sun and realized
 what Alice had done, shone with brilliant color.
 No longer chalk -- she was crushed diamonds, each speck of her skin throwing
 light from a thousand facets.
 She'd been beautiful.
 Now she was spectacular.
 I could barely take my eyes off her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme looked at me and smiled.
 “It's a pity Rosalie wasn't here,” she said, as the sunbeam was obscured
 by encroaching clouds and the gem sparkle faded.
 “That's one thing she does like.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could imagine.
 It would be implausible to be as gorgeous as Rosalie without developing
 at least a little vanity.
 Edward's comment about letting me admire her in the sun made more sense
 now -- I enjoyed a brief mental image of a golden-haired statue of a goddess
 showering everything around her with tiny rainbows.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Yep.
 I was leaning towards liking the idea of being a vampire again.
 I could probably not eat anybody.
 Vampires were 
\emph on
so cool
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With all the tests complete, the vampires decided -- too rapidly for me
 to have any input -- that it was time for us all to retire to the drier,
 more comfortable location of their house.
 Esme waited for another nod from me before lifting me into her arms again
 and taking off after the group.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She put me down on the porch, which was a wide and well-furnished affair
 that wrapped around the entire first floor.
 I was the last through the door (Edward held it for my benefit).
 The entire interior of the house was done in white: the walls, the carpet,
 the furniture, almost all the decor.
 Little shadows and flecks of color, here and there, stood out brightly.
 I'd walked into an enormous, high-ceilinged hall -- it had to have been
 several large rooms originally, with walls and floors knocked out.
 From the south wall, made entirely of glass, I could see the river flowing
 by not far from the building.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On my left, a raised part of floor, just one step up, held a grand piano.
 Beyond that, I saw the open door into the kitchen -- I supposed houses
 in general came ready-made with kitchens and there was no strong reason
 to rip it out of the house, especially if they might sell it and move later.
 The dining room was screened off from the front hall with a low, curving
 wall, over which I spied a table surrounded by eight chairs.
 I supposed it wasn't that odd that they'd have an extra, given that seven
 was an odd number and would make the furniture look asymmetrical arranged
 around the rectangular table.
 The vampires all took off their shoes, which were covered with mud, and
 I followed suit, dropping my knapsack next to my sneakers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I saw a wide, swooping staircase, and looked up.
 It led to a landing, visible from the ground floor through its railing,
 but the halls on either side were hidden by walls.
 They wound in a semicircle, leaving the main hall room for its vaulted,
 high-beamed ceiling.
 I'd seen three stories total from outside, and supposed the rooms on the
 third floor were stacked on top of the ones from the second.
 It looked like they didn't jut up against the glass wall -- the far point
 of the staircase, which extended beyond the horseshoe of higher stories,
 admitted enough room for someone to walk between it and the giant window.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Want a tour?” Edward asked in my ear.
 Suddenly distracted from my admiring gaze at the house, I jumped just a
 little, then tried to cover it by turning to look at Edward.
 He seemed to have been enjoying my appreciation of the architecture.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All right,” I said.
 After I'd agreed and Edward was gliding towards the stairs with the expectation
 that I'd follow, it occurred to me that invitations like that 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 mean, “Do you have an interest in looking at this pretty house?”, but might
 
\emph on
also
\emph default
 mean, “Are you interested in me, as a person of the opposite sex, such
 that you are willing to be conducted around this pretty house by me?” I
 was not sure which he'd meant.
 I still hadn't gotten all the time I needed to think about that.
 Why did I have to go to school? Why did school have to assign homework?
 Why couldn't Charlie cook to save his life? Why did I have to 
\emph on
sleep?
\emph default
 The day after tomorrow would be Saturday and I'd have some unclaimed time,
 but what if I had to make a decision 
\emph on
before
\emph default
 then about something I hadn't given enough thought?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I must have had a ridiculous look on my face when I thought this, because
 when Edward looked over his shoulder to confirm that I was following him,
 he looked concerned.
 He stopped in his tracks, waiting for me to catch up.
 “Bella, are you all right? I know we must be a lot to get used to\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, I'm fine,” I said at once, and I sped up a little to prove it.
 “It 
\emph on
is
\emph default
 a lot to handle, but I think I'm adjusting to it okay.
 Let's see the house.” And I started marching up the stairs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” said Edward, catching my shoulder.
 I stopped and turned around, and, of course, fell off the step and directly
 onto him.
 He caught me just as before, and set me down on my feet on the ground floor.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are you sure you're all right?” he asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought about this.
 “I'm sure I don't want to discuss it right now,” I said finally.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward looked disappointed.
 It was really a strange expression on him -- he made it seem more like
 he was 
\emph on
wronged
\emph default
 than, say, 
\emph on
foiled
\emph default
 or 
\emph on
unlucky
\emph default
 as some disappointed people appeared.
 I supposed he wasn't used to having to wait until people wanted to talk
 about things before he got to find out what they were.
 It probably didn't feel fair, from his end, but I was grateful in the extreme
 for my privacy.
 “What do you want?” he asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“To see the h-” I began.
 My stomach growled; I looked at my watch, which identified the time as
 seven-thirty.
 “To eat my sandwich,” I corrected, “and then to see the house later.” I
 went over to my knapsack, pulled out my wrapped-up dinner, peeled it open
 and took a big bite.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're welcome to have a seat at the dining room table,” Edward invited.
 I, concerned with the possibility of getting crumbs on the nice white carpet,
 went where he directed and sat.
 He took a chair beside me.
 I didn't see any of the other vampires; they must have scattered elsewhere
 through the house while I'd been in the middle of blinking or otherwise
 paying insufficient attention.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward sighed -- this had to be for effect, if vampire breathing was only
 for the purpose of speech and smell.
 “Alice told me a lot about you,” he murmured, “but I'm still constantly
 surprised.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked up from my food.
 “What did she say?” I hadn't known Alice that long -- I wasn't sure where
 she'd have gotten a good read on my personality unless\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 Oh, of course.
 If she felt like it, she could see how I'd react to all kinds of possible
 situations, when my tendencies were consistent enough that I wouldn't deliberat
e about it too much before doing something.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She told me not to interrupt you,” said Edward.
 “I slipped up once there, and I'm sorry.
 She told me that if I ever lied to you it would end badly.
 She told me that it wasn't safe for you to have secrets kept, because if
 you knew something was missing, you'd look for it until looking got you
 killed.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded slowly; that all sounded about right -- although if I knew that
 a secret would kill me, I thought I could leave well enough alone, I didn't
 believe I'd do the same with a secret of unknown hazard.
 “Alice is pretty smart,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She is,” laughed Edward wryly.
 “And she told me to go slowly.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I froze, my partially-finished sandwich halfway through my mouth.
 “Well,” I quipped, “you were the one who did the speed test.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's not what I mean,” he said in a low voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hadn't thought it was.
 Now I knew that he knew that Alice had told me that -- my head spun.
 But I still didn't want to talk about it.
 I needed to think, I needed to think when Edward wasn't 
\emph on
there
\emph default
 being beautiful and solicitous and possibly thirsty.
 “You know,” I said, “I have a huge list of questions about how vampires
 work.
 I take it you're going with Alice's advice on not keeping secrets?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded slowly, keeping his eyes fixed on mine.
 I broke eye contact, popped the last bite of my sandwich into my mouth,
 and crossed the room to retrieve my notebook.
 From it, I started reading off questions.
 Edward looked frustrated, but did his best to answer them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He didn't know some of them.
 He didn't know what it was about vampire physiology that Jasper controlled;
 he didn't know why he couldn't read me; he didn't know whether or not Alice
 had a time limit (but noted that he'd never heard of a vision more than
 a few months in advance); he didn't know what power I had but suspected
 it would be related somehow to my unreadability; he knew the procedure
 but not the mechanism of turning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The things I learned were fewer than I'd hoped.
 Alice could “get to know” people through visions of futures that wouldn't
 happen, because they displayed their personalities even in such unreliable
 visions; that was fairly obvious, and Edward had no less plain applications.
 Although exact duplicate powers were unheard of, there were some that were
 similar -- for instance, one of the Volturi, a fellow named Aro, was a
 mind-reader like Edward, but limited in range to those he physically touched,
 and broader in scope to the point of learning “every thought you've ever
 had in your life”, as Edward put it.
 (Edward could only read current surface thoughts, not draw out specific
 items he wanted to hear.) Strength and speed in vampires were correlated
 with the same abilities in human life, and varied similarly, but with a
 longer right tail on the distribution.
 Eating humans made vampires physically stronger, but mentally weaker, in
 the sense that if they did it they were less likely to be able to resist
 continuing to do it except inasmuch as it relieved thirst.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eye color depended on diet.
 One that had recently fed on a human had burgundy-colored ones.
 Feeding on animals resulted in the gold color I'd seen more of.
 With breaks between meals, these colors changed over time.
 A hungry vampire had black eyes -- that helped explain why Edward had been
 especially perturbed on my first day of school; he'd been without food
 for a while.
 A brand-new vampire's eyes were bright blood red; the color faded over
 a year or so, faster with animal blood than human.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Not all vampires were pretty.
 However, prettiness, like other traits, was intensified by the turning
 process -- and vampires looking for someone to turn 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 preferentially turn attractive humans.
 This also explained the spread of ages the Cullens exhibited.
 (And selection effects like that helped explain why I would ultimately
 be a vampire: empowered as I was to resist Edward's mindreading, I was
 likely to turn up an interesting power as one of the undead, and I could
 easily imagine vampires picking over the human population looking for talents
 like that.) I was a little confused by 
\emph on
Carlisle
\emph default
 having chosen who to turn on the basis of prettiness, but couldn't think
 of a polite way to ask -- I'd get individual backstories from each of the
 others later and try to put together a pattern myself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Vampires were made of cells, not rocks, and their strength matched their
 rigidity pretty neatly -- vampires felt as malleable to each other as humans
 did to other humans.
 They weren't brittle, just tough, like steel cables.
 Accordingly, they bent, as opposed to breaking or grinding themselves to
 powder, when they moved around.
 Vampire hair did grow, albeit slowly -- it wasn't much different from human
 hair, and broke sometimes, so if it didn't grow at all, a vampire Carlisle's
 age would necessarily be bald.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was uncommon for vampires to live in groups that resembled the Cullens.
 The theory was that eating animal blood “civilized” them -- the other family-st
yle assembly of vampires that the Cullens knew about, their Denali friends,
 also abstained.
 (Apparently the in-joke was to call vampires who didn't eat people “vegetarians
”.) “Normal” vampires lived in small groups called “covens” -- two, three,
 sometimes four.
 They were likely to travel a lot rather than settling down and enmeshing
 themselves in human civilizations.
 However, pairing off romantically was not limited to the Cullens -- a lot
 of vampires did it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward had never heard of a vampire couple breaking up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward had never heard of a vampire surviving the death of his or her mate
 and then finding another one later.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward had heard of quite a few vampires.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Oh 
\emph on
yikes
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I went right to the question about the Volturi, trying not to be too overt
 about my reaction to 
\emph on
that
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Volturi were a coven of five: three male vampires and the wives of two.
 (The third used to have a wife, but she was dead.
 And, of course, had not been replaced since then.) The wives were not public
 figures -- only the males, Aro, Caius, and Marcus, were the active face
 of the Volturi.
 (Aro was not the only one with an extra power; Marcus apparently “saw”
 relationships between people.) Edward was fuzzy on their earlier history,
 and suggested that I ask Carlisle if curious about that.
 The doctor had apparently spent some time among their guard (a considerably
 larger extension of the coven, including many vampires handpicked for promising
 talents).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward speculated that humans smelled tastier than other species because
 vampires had been humans in the past and survived most effectively on the
 same blood that had sustained their prior existences, but he wasn't sure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took copious notes.
 There was so much I had to think about and process already, and I was just
 adding more.
 I wondered if it would be best to forego the tour, but decided that I was
 already there and ought to have a look.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first floor contained the hall I'd seen, the kitchen I'd gotten a peek
 at, the piano dais I'd noticed, the dining section I'd sat in, and also
 a bathroom, some communal offices for things like household bookkeeping
 and investment portfolios, and a seating area around a large flatscreen
 television and several computers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second floor included the suite Carlisle and Esme shared, with their
 studies and Carlisle's library as well as another bathroom.
 (I was briefly puzzled about why the vampire bathrooms had shampoo and
 soap in them.
 They were clearly not trying to blend in for surprise visitors, or they
 would have included toilet paper.
 Then I realized that even without the habits of sweating and shedding skin
 that we humans had, vampires could accumulate dirt from their environments
 at normal rates.) Besides the suite were Rosalie and Emmett's room, which
 I didn't get to see as Rosalie didn't want to be disturbed, and an adjoining
 pair of rooms shared by Jasper and Alice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I noticed along the wall in the hallway floor that there were a lot of photograp
hs, and paused to look at some of them.
 I saw a wedding photo -- an old photo -- for Carlisle and Esme.
 There was also a wedding photo for Alice and Jasper -- so they were married,
 then, and not just “together” as Jessica had artlessly put it.
 And Rosalie and Emmett had six.
 In each, they stood against a different backdrop, and Rosalie wore a different
 dress.
 I wasn't sure why anyone needed to get married six times, but I suspected
 that dresses were a motivating factor.
 Besides the wedding photos, I also noticed a series of family portraits.
 Carlisle and Edward were alone together in the first one -- interesting.
 Edward had been earliest.
 Esme appeared in the next.
 Rosalie was the next addition, followed by Emmett.
 Then, it seemed, Alice and Jasper had arrived as a pair.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the top floor was a library -- or Edward called it that; I peeped inside
 and saw fewer books than Carlisle had in his personal library.
 There were more computers there, and some broad tables accompanied by chairs.
 I asked whether it was really much of a library, and Edward grudgingly
 told me that it was more like their preferred venue for document forgery
 and computer cracking and the like.
 This didn't faze me particularly; it was inevitable that they'd need skills
 and the wherewithal to pull them off in order to persist unaging in a human
 society.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Also on the top floor was Edward's room.
 It jutted up against the south wall, and accordingly shared part of the
 enormous window.
 It was late enough to be dark, but I knew in the daylight the view would
 be spectacular indeed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's room had its own closet and bathroom, like Rosalie and Emmett's.
 Unlike the entire rest of the house, it wasn't decorated in white: his
 carpet was gold, and he'd draped the walls completely over with darker
 golden fabric.
 The only furniture was a black leather sofa, a desk, and a desk chair.
 He had his own computer (how many computers did they need? I'd counted
 fourteen, and I hadn't even looked in all of the rooms) and shelves upon
 shelves of 
\noun on
cd
\noun default
s.
 Apparently, he was a music buff -- I wondered if he was responsible for
 the piano in its place of honor on the ground floor.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is that the whole house?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's a basement, which I can't think of a safe way to get you into,”
 he said.
 “It's meant to be difficult to access if you aren't a vampire.
 There's also an outbuilding we converted into a garage.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't have a strong enough interest in cars to want to hike -- or be
 carried -- to an outbuilding distant enough that I hadn't seen it.
 “I'll skip the garage,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Very well,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Edward.
 “What's next?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think I'm about ready to go home,” I said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Charlie might worry.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward offered to take me home, and while I knew he could just run back
 to the Cullen house and therefore there weren't vehicular logistics issues,
 I declined.
 I wanted to think.
 I wanted to think without Edward nearby.
 I wanted to think alone, secure in my truck where no one could hear me,
 as I talked aloud to compensate for the fact that I couldn't write while
 driving.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward walked me to the door, bade me a polite goodbye accompanied by a
 freezing touch to my arm, and watched me as I got behind the wheel and
 pulled away from the vampire house.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie was embedded in the couch, watching a sporting event I didn't bother
 to identify, when I got home.
 He yelled his gratitude for the sandwiches as I ascended the stairs, and
 I called back that it was no trouble.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was late.
 I had school in the morning.
 Most of my homework wasn't done.
 And I had more “vampire stuff” to work through than I had ever had of any
 kind of work all at one time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I weighed my options, but finally decided that cutting English twice in
 so short a time frame would be bad, and I slept.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
