#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{7}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
The Future
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward was gone for about fifteen minutes, and I passed the time by writing
 out the plan I'd devised, with some trivial embellishments.
 I knew Edward would remember it all perfectly, but I didn't want to have
 to consult him every time I wanted to check up on a detail.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was scribbling a list of possible Europe and non-Europe destinations in
 the margins of my notebook when Edward and Rosalie came downstairs.
 She looked disgruntled but basically peaceable, and Edward held his features
 carefully neutral.
 He stopped at the foot of the stairs and watched her approach me, and then
 went back up -- I supposed at least one of them thought it was a two-person
 conversation.
 Rosalie's high heels ticked regularly against the tile as she walked towards
 me and sat down.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Edward said he didn't tell you about what led to -- this,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Rosalie said softly, gesturing at her perfect, white face.
 I nodded.
 “It's not a nice story,” she said.
 “It doesn't have a happy ending.
 I'm going to keep it short.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It had been 1933, during the Great Depression, and Rosalie had been eighteen
 and living in Rochester with her parents and two brothers.
 And beautiful.
 Even as a human she'd been beautiful.
 The Depression didn't affect her family very much -- her father had had
 a secure banking job, and Rosalie was quite able to traipse about town
 in pretty dresses imagining that the poor people she saw had brought their
 fates on themselves.
 She made her own life sound like a fairy tale -- she was the lovely, happy
 princess, who wanted certain things and had every reason to believe she'd
 get them.
 Accordingly, one day the son of her father's employer began to court her.
 She went on at some length about the lavish wedding planned to end their
 whirlwind engagement, and about his habit of sending her a bouquet of roses
 every day so her house overflowed with them and she always smelled of their
 petals.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie experienced one pang of envy: a friend of hers had married young,
 at seventeen, and a year later had a baby boy, adorable with dark curls
 and dimples.
 They were not as sheltered from the economic troubles of the world as Rosalie's
 family was.
 Rosalie's parents would never have dreamed of letting her marry a man like
 her friend's carpenter husband, while they approved of the banker's son.
 But Rosalie's friend had the pretty baby, the happy marriage.
 So Rosalie amused herself with mental images of her own fair-haired children
 playing on the wide lawns she'd have surrounding her house soon enough.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The way Rosalie told it, it sounded almost rehearsed, like she'd thought
 a lot about all of the details and knew just how she preferred to describe
 them, the exact best intonation and vocabulary.
 Everything sounded floaty, and far away, memorized as much as remembered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She implied, but did not quite state, the unhappy ending she'd promised.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But I was able to piece together the events well enough.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Her fiancé and several of his friends had gotten drunk, found her walking
 home alone from her friend's house, and gang-raped her, leaving her injured
 enough to be dying.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That was how Carlisle had found her, broken and bleeding in the middle of
 the street under the unseasonable April snow.
 He'd brought her home and turned her -- over, Rosalie said, Edward's 
\emph on
objections
\emph default
 (he thought she was too recognizable, Rosalie explained on his behalf;
 and if they'd met socially, I doubted he'd have been favorably impressed).
 Between her screams (which she informed me did nothing about the pain of
 the transition), they were able to explain what she was becoming; and finally,
 she finished, and finally believed them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie then chose this moment to tell me, “You know, my record is almost
 as clean as Carlisle's.
 Better than Esme's.
 A thousand times better than Edward.
 I've never tasted human blood.” She sounded proud.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Almost as clean\SpecialChar \ldots{}
?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I did kill them,” she said, complacently, and I knew at once that “they”
 were her attackers, and I could feel no ill judgment towards her.
 “But I was very careful not to spill their blood.
 I knew I wouldn't be able to resist that, and I didn't want any part of
 them in me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She described their deaths in a bit more detail than I thought necessary,
 though I didn't try to stop her.
 She went over how she saved her fiancé for last, hoping he'd hear about
 the deaths of his friends and live his last days in fear.
 Considering she'd found him in a windowless room with doors like a bank
 vault's and two armed men guarding him -- whom she'd also killed -- this
 seemed to have been effective.
 She had stolen a wedding dress to wear for the occasion, to be theatrical
 about it.
 But there had been no blood, and no feeding.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I now had reason to believe that 
\emph on
all
\emph default
 of the Cullens except Carlisle had killed humans before.
 Was he the only exception? It would be consistent with the statement “we
 have not all killed people” if only one had abstained.
 Maybe the Denali coven had better records.
 But there 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 Carlisle, and neither Rosalie nor Edward had 
\emph on
indeliberately
\emph default
 killed.
 And I had been seen to adjust well, in Alice's visions.
 I might be all right.
 If I did not feel 
\emph on
sure
\emph default
 I would be all right, once I was a vampire and knew the scope of the thirst,
 then I would simply avoid humans in the flesh.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I hope I'm not frightening you,” Rosalie said, after concluding her elaborate
 description of her seven murders (the fiancé, his four friends, and his
 two guards).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you for telling me your story,” I said.
 “I don't think I have a good reason to be afraid 
\emph on
of
\emph default
 you, if that's what you mean.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie nodded.
 “Do you understand why I think you should stay human?” she asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought about her story, and what relevance she might think it would have.
 Surely she had less reason than anyone to value the vulnerability of humanity,
 which featured heavily.
 She didn't seem to regret her homicides, for which I could hardly blame
 her either.
 And so\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Vampires can't have babies?” I concluded tentatively.
 And so Rosalie would never have her precious blond children playing on
 the lawn\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right in one,” she said softly.
 “Do you know where Emmett came from? I saved him from a bear that was mauling
 him, and carried him home to Carlisle -- I didn't think I had the self-control
 to turn him myself, without killing him.
 He has dark curls\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 and dimples\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 just like my friend's little son.
 I didn't want him to die.
 I hated this life, and I was selfish enough to ask Carlisle to save him
 anyway.
 And I was lucky.
 Emmett is everything I would have asked for, if I'd known myself well enough
 to ask for the right things.
 And he needs me too.
 
\emph on
That
\emph default
 part\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 I will admit, it worked out better than I could have hoped.
 But there will only ever be two of us.
 We'll never sit together on a porch somewhere, gray-haired, surrounded
 by grandchildren.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're young, Bella,” she said suddenly, intensely, switching modes from
 the nostalgia for things that never were and could never be.
 “You don't know what you'll want in a decade.
 Two decades.
 Ten.
 It is 
\emph on
rash
\emph default
, rash in the extreme, to make such 
\emph on
permanent
\emph default
 choices now.
 Do you understand? You have everything I want -- I would trade 
\emph on
everything
\emph default
 to be 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 and have your choices, and you're choosing 
\emph on
wrong!
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, slowly.
 I had never wanted children very much.
 They'd seemed like a vague, future possibility that might manifest if certain
 other events fell into place in potentially pleasant, but optional, ways.
 But Rosalie 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 right that however well I knew myself now, I did 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 have reason to believe that I knew what I'd want in my twenties or my thirties
 -- whether I spent them human or not.
 And apparently becoming a vampire did close off an option that 
\emph on
many
\emph default
 women wanted, and chose to exercise, and if they happened not to have it
 through some medical misfortune, would often spend thousands of dollars
 to
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Oh.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was an 
\emph on
obvious
\emph default
 solution.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Carlisle's a doctor,” I said.
 “He can harvest some eggs before I turn, and freeze them.
 Then, later, when I'm ready, if I want children, I can hire a surrogate.
 You're right, Rosalie, I don't know how I'm going to feel later about the
 idea.
 You're right that I'm young, and I really 
\emph on
hadn't
\emph default
 thought about it and I should have and I'm so glad you shared your experience
 with me to help me realize that it's important.
 Part of having a choice the way I do is that I can also make a 
\emph on
plan
\emph default
, and I can plan to still have resources I might want, later.
 And someday, maybe, I'll make you an aunt.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie looked completely bowled over.
 I didn't know why.
 She'd been to medical school -- granted, I didn't know how recently, but
 surely with three doctors in the house they did sometimes discuss advances
 in medicine from the 
\emph on
seventies
\emph default
.
 The existence of the technology couldn't surprise her that much.
 Maybe no one ever took her advice, and that was what puzzled her? Maybe
 because I 
\emph on
didn't
\emph default
 have to lose the capacity to have children with vampirism, she resented
 me?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then Rosalie lunged forward and before I could shriek or fall off my
 chair in shock or fear, she hugged me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a tight hug, but careful -- I didn't think I'd have any bruises later.
 Puzzled, but no longer frightened, I hugged her back.
 She was cool and unyielding, but somehow managed to be pleasant to hug
 anyway.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you,” she whispered in my ear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're welcome,” I said, scripted, automatic, confused -- what was she
 thanking me for? She let me go and sat back, her eyes alight with some
 strange pleasure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Will you let me help?” Rosalie asked.
 “With the eggs.
 I can't -- I 
\emph on
can't ever
\emph default
 have my own -- but if you let me help -- Bella, please
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course,” I said.
 That would probably be more comfortable than Carlisle anyway, for certain
 parts -- I didn't know 
\emph on
exactly
\emph default
 what egg harvesting involved, but if it were less intimate than the average
 gynecological exam, that would constitute a surprise.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie hugged me again, a little tighter, a little faster.
 She released me again, smiling so beatifically that it made me wonder how
 I'd ever thought she was beautiful 
\emph on
frowning
\emph default
 when it was possible for her to look like that.
 “
\emph on
Thank you
\emph default
,” she sighed, and then she got to her feet and flew up the stairs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It took only half a minute for Edward to return once Rosalie had gone.
 He walked down the stairs as slowly as a dawdling human, looking preposterously
 confused.
 When he got to the table and sat down, he still looked bewildered.
 “How did you 
\emph on
do
\emph default
 that?” he marveled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do what?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're Rosalie's new favorite person.
 I didn't listen to the conversation -- I put on music and tuned her thoughts
 and your voices out, I thought it should be private -- and now her thoughts
 are all over the place thinking about synthetic hormones and 
\emph on
baby clothes
\emph default
, and I don't know what happened, but she adores you and she's happier than
 I think I've seen her in the last decade -- or two.
 What did you 
\emph on
do?
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't expect her to react that strongly,” I said.
 “I just listened to her story and thought her concern was important to
 think about, so I thanked her and said I'd get Carlisle to harvest some
 eggs before I turn, and she asked if she could help, and I said yes, and
 then she went upstairs.
 There were,” I added as an afterthought, “hugs.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward made another one of 
\emph on
those
\emph default
 faces -- full of confused, mixed-up feelings all fighting over the curve
 of his mouth and the angle of his eyebrows.
 I thought I could detect impressedness and frustration, but I wasn't sure
 of either, and there were at least a couple other emotional combatants.
 “You are nothing short of astonishing, Bella,” he told me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you,” I said.
 “Is there anything else I should know?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked heavenward, thoughtful and silent.
 I waited patiently for him to marshal his arguments.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You know that you'll lose all your interest in human food, and that animal
 blood tastes comparatively terrible,” he said.
 “You know that you will be thirsty 
\emph on
all
\emph default
 the time -- that your throat will burn, constantly, forever, urging you
 to drink.
 You know you might not be able to see your family in person for years,
 if ever.
 You know it will probably interrupt your plans for school and that 
\emph on
one
\emph default
 mistake in your control near a human means murder.
 You know if you decide to use those eggs you won't be able to carry your
 children yourself.
 You know you'll have to move around every few years to avoid detection.
 You know you'll be seventeen 
\emph on
forever
\emph default
 -- you won't know how you would have grown up, how you'd have matured.
 You know you have to follow the Volturi's laws, whether you like them or
 not, or they'll kill you.
 I don't think anyone's told you, but you might have guessed, that perfect
 vampire recall makes it comparatively much 
\emph on
harder
\emph default
 to remember human experiences.
 You know that 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 believe that in becoming a vampire, you'll permanently lose the opportunity
 to 
\emph on
truly
\emph default
 live forever, instead of merely living until you catch fire or are broken
 into tiny enough pieces that you can't reassemble yourself.
 You know that turning consists of three straight days of incredible pain
 -- during which, I should add, it's very common that the turning person
 begs for death.” He reminded me of these things in a near monotone, wringing
 the emotion out of each word with great effort, as though he thought emotions
 must be meaningless to anyone who wanted logic to hold a superior place
 in decision-making.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
You
\emph default
 know,” I replied, when he was done, “that if I never turn, I'll die.
 You know that I could catch the flu.
 Or fall off a cliff.
 Or be attacked by five all-too-human monsters.
 Or be mauled by a bear.
 I could suffer brain damage and never be myself again.
 I could lose the use of all my limbs in an accident or go blind or have
 a genetic disease that will pop up in my twenties and slowly
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Edward looked like I was stabbing him in the throat with every clause.
 “You know I'm 
\emph on
vulnerable
\emph default
,” I said, summing up instead of listing more horrible fates that could
 befall humans.
 “And if the Volturi ever find out that I exist, they will kill me -- and
 probably your entire family -- if I'm not a vampire or obviously on the
 fast track to becoming one.
 I 
\emph on
already
\emph default
 have to follow their laws whether I like it or not.
 I 
\emph on
already
\emph default
 face the loss of everything there is to love about being human -- whenever
 something happens to me.
 And it could be any time; I don't 
\emph on
necessarily
\emph default
 have gray hair to look forward to.” I took a deep breath.
 “I have notes on most of my experiences.
 I can read them when I'm a vampire and remember them almost as well as
 I do now.
 I've lived too far away to see 
\emph on
one
\emph default
 of my parents at every given time for the entire span of my life that I
 can call to memory -- making it both at once will be a little worse, but
 only a little.
 I know that your reasoning about the afterlife is, as far as I can see
 or you'll explain or Carlisle can translate, 
\emph on
bogus
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I paused for a moment, thinking, and said slowly, “Carlisle's never killed
 anyone.
 You, and Rosalie, have never killed anyone on 
\emph on
impulse
\emph default
 -- and I genuinely 
\emph on
don't
\emph default
 think I'm going to calmly decide to murder humans.
 What kind of body count are we looking at for Emmett, Alice, Esme, and
 Jasper?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jasper's is easily in the thousands,” said Edward harshly.
 “He spent eighty years as a non-`vegetarian' vampire.
 He only came to join us later, after he met Alice.
 Alice's count might be similar to mine, or worse; she didn't see joining
 our family until the late forties and until then she was only haphazardly
 struggling towards living on animals via her own conscience.
 Emmett's killed the two humans I told you about, and slipped up a half
 a dozen other times.
 Esme's only made one mistake.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And your Denali friends?” I asked implacably.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All have eaten plenty of humans.
 Their family came to the vegetarian lifestyle independently of us,” Edward
 said.
 “And they're each considerably older than Jasper, or even Carlisle.
 I wouldn't be surprised if any one of them had eaten more people than all
 of our family put together.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pursed my lips.
 “But Carlisle 
\emph on
never
\emph default
 slipped up, and 
\emph on
never
\emph default
 decided, outside of a fit of thirst, to kill, the way you or Rosalie did.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did Carlisle,” I hypothesized suddenly, “know that vampires existed before
 he became one?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward looked startled.
 “Yes,” he said, blinking.
 “He lived during the mid-1600's.
 His father was an Anglican pastor and enlisted his help killing witches
 and werewolves -- and vampires.
 He was turned by a vampire he successfully trapped -- he killed two other
 men and ran off with a third; Carlisle thinks he was too thirsty to think
 straight and didn't mean to turn anyone, but Carlisle was already full
 of venom and hid in a root cellar full of rotten potatoes so his father
 wouldn't find him.
 When he was done turning he was so repelled by what he was that he tried
 to kill himself several times -- jumping into the ocean, that sort of thing
 -- but of course that's very hard for vampires to do.
 He avoided humans and eventually discovered he could live on animals.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did any of the rest of you, or the Denali coven, even suspect that vampires
 might exist beforehand? Skip Alice, I know we have no information on her,”
 I said.
 I seized my pencil and jotted down 
\emph on
witches, werewolves
\emph default
 for follow-up questioning later.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” said Edward, after thinking for a moment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So,” I concluded, “the odds do look very bad if you sample out of all vampires
 ever.
 The only one with a perfect record is Carlisle.
 Who is also the only one we know of who had any idea what was going on
 before he was bitten.
 I have 
\emph on
lots
\emph default
 of notice.
 In fact, I'm in a position to make a deliberate, non-emergency 
\emph on
choice
\emph default
.
 Alice saw me adjusting 
\emph on
unusually
\emph default
 well -- and that's consistent with the hypothesis that vampires who knew
 what to expect are the ones who don't have to act like `normal' vampires.
 Who can anticipate and counter the instincts that make `normal' vampires
 treat humans like snacks.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I went on, to address the last, most fearsome point.
 Truthfully, I wanted to edit it out of my model of vampirism altogether.
 Forget about the `not fun'.
 Pretend to myself that the three days were merely 
\emph on
boring
\emph default
 in some way -- paralysis, not pain.
 But this would not be honest.
 I could not expect to make the 
\emph on
best
\emph default
 decision if I pretended the pain did not exist, when it did.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Does it seem to you, in your experience,” I said, “that vampires experience
 
\emph on
damage
\emph default
 -- mental trauma, flashbacks, phobias, phantom pain, anything like that
 -- which is 
\emph on
best
\emph default
 explained by the pain associated with turning, as opposed to preexisting
 conditions or other aspects of being a vampire?” The part afterward --
 the part that could last forever -- that was what mattered most.
 If everyone escaped truly unscathed\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” Edward almost whispered.
 He had to think about it, but came up empty.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is there a good medical reason why I should be conscious when I'm shot
 full of venom?” I asked.
 “I realize that most methods of knocking me out won't necessarily last
 three days, but perhaps I could skip part of it.
 Or painkillers? Put me on a generous morphine drip?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't see why that would interfere,” he said quietly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If I beg to die while I'm turning, will you actually kill me?” I asked.
 “Or even if I don't? Get me dead and zipping off to heaven quickly, before
 it's too late
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
No!
\emph default
” roared Edward violently.
 “No.” He repeated it more gently, as though hoping to erase his previous
 utterance and replace it with the moderated version.
 “Bella, I 
\emph on
don't
\emph default
 want you dead.
 I want you to live.
 I just want you to live -- 
\emph on
properly
\emph default
.
 Human.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't go on doing that forever,” I murmured.
 “And every day I walk on fragile legs and look out on the world with soft
 eyes and fend off danger with weak arms, I run the risk of death.
 I am susceptible to attack.
 I can be hurt.
 I can be killed.
 Unless you're right about the afterlife -- and you know I don't think you
 are -- I can be 
\emph on
destroyed
\emph default
 -- lost forever, 
\emph on
irrecoverable
\emph default
.
 If you don't want me dead, you should want me armored.
 Edward, I am so unsafe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He dropped his face into his hands.
 “I want you to live,” he mumbled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I 
\emph on
want
\emph default
 to live,” I replied, quietly, firmly.
 “I love being alive.
 I love the world and being in it.
 I want to see and learn 
\emph on
everything
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked up, dropped his hands.
 Then he lifted one and touched my face.
 His palm was cool against my cheek, and smooth.
 “I could never kill you, Bella,” he said.
 “I couldn't.” Only one emotion was emanating from him as he said it -- he
 
\emph on
needed
\emph default
 me to believe what he said, he 
\emph on
needed
\emph default
 me to feel safe with him.
 He poured every ounce of sincerity he could into his words, begging me
 with his silken voice to believe them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had an instant's impulse to make a remark about how he was all too eager
 to 
\emph on
let
\emph default
 me die, if only at the hand of old age -- but I wasn't sure he was so eager,
 anymore, now that I'd forced his emotional conflict over the problem to
 the surface.
 Maybe he had romanticized death by old age in some way he couldn't with
 injury or sickness.
 But I couldn't stay safe from the latter, less idealized trips to the grave
 while I was human.
 They were facts of human life.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And so I picked up my hand, and touched Edward's cheek in a symmetrical
 gesture.
 He closed his eyes and sucked in a breath.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward,” I said, “will you help me live?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jessica was thrilled to pieces about the opportunity to gossip when I told
 her, between Trig and Spanish, that Edward and I were “an item” (I decided
 to use those exact words).
 I injected enough squeal into my voice to give credibility to the “sickeningly
 inseparable couple” demonstration I'd be giving for the next several months.
 Jessica wanted every possible detail about our date on Saturday, excruciating
 precision about how we'd spent Monday afternoon, and rather intrusive levels
 of insight into how I felt about him.
 I placated her with tidbits -- named the restaurant we'd been to, said
 I thought his sisters and parents liked me at least and left her to ruminate
 about what this implied about his brothers -- and then pretended interest
 in weather-related Spanish vocabulary.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After Spanish, Edward sidled up to me while Jessica and I walked to lunch.
 “Bella,” he said, in his most charming tones, and he offered me his arm.
 I linked elbows with him, and then turned my head just a bit to wink at
 Jessica, who looked about ready to explode from excitement.
 She broke into an outright run and careened headlong into the cafeteria.
 “Mike! Lauren! Angela!” I could hear her calling out before the door shut
 behind her.
 I could still make out her strident voice, but not individual words.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward and I continued at a more sedate pace.
 “Is she telling everybody who's got ears, just as planned?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You want me to check?” Edward asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Listen, don't read,” I said.
 “She's yelling in a semi-public space; whatever she's saying isn't meant
 to be private.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, she's telling everyone,” he confirmed.
 “You'll sit with us today?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “I should probably sit with Jessica and the others at least, say, once
 a week,” I said.
 “I don't want to completely fall out of the circle.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I suppose I could join you at their table,” he proposed.
 “Imagine the stir.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jessica would have fun with that,” I agreed, and we reached the door.
 “But today I think I should let her gossip without breathing down her neck.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Agreed.
 And Rosalie wants to talk your ear off about the drug regimen she's going
 to put you on,” Edward said.
 “Will you visit again this afternoon?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Only if I can expect to get some homework done at your house,” I laughed.
 “I had to stay up a bit late last night getting everything for today finished.
 Somehow when I go to that house I find myself occupied by talking to all
 the nifty people who live in it.” Edward made a show of buying my lunch
 for me, which made Jessica eep from two tables away.
 We sat together at the vampire table.
 Edward unlinked elbows and draped his freed arm ever so casually over my
 shoulders.
 He looked smug, somehow, when he did it.
 I supposed this made some sense.
 I was still\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 sort of\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 pretending for the benefit of the humans watching us;
 Edward didn't need to pretend, he only needed to act on his reality.
 And I could well imagine that he'd like that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella!” exclaimed Rosalie once I'd sat down.
 “I ordered everything you need.
 The hospital here didn't have it all but it wasn't hard to get and it's
 on its way and you can get started on Friday or Saturday.
 The whole thing will take a few weeks.
 I made Alice look and she said you don't need to worry about any complications,
 but I printed out a pamphlet for you of everything anyway, here.” She shoved
 it across the table at me.
 “Will you be able to keep the meds hidden from your father? You have to
 go on the Pill first and then there's some injections you need to self-administ
er and I don't think he really needs to know what's going on.
 And we're going to need to do some blood tests -- well,” Rosalie winced,
 “
\emph on
Carlisle
\emph default
 should probably do the blood tests, to be really safe, but I will be able
 to handle most everything else.
 Like the ultrasounds.
 Those I can do.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She was 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 excited about this.
 “Friday, sounds good,” I said.
 “Charlie doesn't go through my stuff.
 I don't think he'll find anything -- Alice?” I asked, turning to the littlest
 vampire.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Looks clear,” Alice said after a moment.
 Rosalie sat back, smug, and closed her eyes.
 Alice added, “I don't see any 
\emph on
complications
\emph default
 but that doesn't mean you won't get side effects -- you won't need to miss
 school or anything, and probably no humans will be able to tell anything's
 wrong if you're careful.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And a good thing the going is to be so smooth, too,” murmured Edward mirthfully.
 “Jessica has just expressed the opinion that she thinks we're going to
 have at least six children.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I choked on my soda.
 “Jessica,” I said, after recovering the ability to breathe and dabbing
 my face with a napkin, “has exceeded all expectations as a fountain of
 exaggerated gossip.
 I'll need to buy her a very nice birthday present.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think she's partly motivated by the desire to get Mike Newton to stop
 fixating on you,” Edward said.
 His tone was light, but I thought I heard his teeth grinding a little.
 “I couldn't help but pick up her memory of the conversation where you tried
 to set them up -- that 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 what you had in mind, wasn't it? She doesn't seem to have quite noticed
 that you were doing it on purpose, but it was clear enough to me from the
 words you used.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I admitted.
 “That was the idea.
 How's it working?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“As well as I suppose could be expected.
 She's still hoping he'll make the first move, though.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course,” I sighed.
 “Well, the original point was to deflect Mike -- mind, he might be cute
 with Jessica, but that wasn't the important part.
 And Jessica's handling that just as well without taking him off my hands
 directly, I suppose.
 Making it known that I'm off the market.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So I'm a little confused,” Emmett said.
 “Are you and Edward actually `an item',” (he made exaggerated air quotes
 to accompany the phrase), “or are you just telling everybody that because
 it's part of your plan? Which is a cool plan, by the way.
 Think we should go to Scandinavia or something? They say Finnish is hard
 to learn.
 Bet I'm fluent first, Rose.” He jostled Rosalie with his elbow and she smirked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're good at languages because you have the mind of a child, Emmett,”
 Alice said, so brightly that it took me a split second to notice that this
 was not quite a compliment.
 Emmett took a little longer, but just a little, and then he tossed the
 pasta salad that was his prop for the day at Alice's face.
 She wasn't even looking in his direction when she picked up her tray to
 shield herself from the projectile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Scandinavia might work,” I said.
 “We can go look at fjords.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hey, answer my other question,” protested Emmett.
 Alice produced a napkin and smeared off the mayonnaise that had coated
 her tray, then wiped the pasta salad bits back onto their original plate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I huffed.
 “It's important to the plan that, by the time I have to tell everyone we've
 eloped, it seem characteristic of us,” I said.
 “That's why I told Jessica the way I did.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett considered this for a second, then realized that it wasn't an answer
 to his original inquiry either.
 “Hey\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's arm, still around my shoulders, squeezed me protectively.
 “You don't need to make up your mind now,” he murmured to me, and he shot
 Emmett a look.
 The giant vampire -- the more I looked at Emmett, the odder it was that
 he could pass for a high-schooler; did people think he'd repeated grades
 or what? -- grumbled but didn't push it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was good of Edward to deflect his brother -- even though Edward must
 have been dying to know my answer too.
 It couldn't be comfortable for him -- none of this could.
 I wished, suddenly, that 
\emph on
I
\emph default
 could read minds -- his in particular -- to sift through the knots in his
 head that caused those overcomplicated faces he made.
 He wanted me alive, he wanted me human; he wanted me to love him, he wanted
 me not to be put on the spot about it; he wanted to follow Alice's instructions
 to go 
\emph on
slow
\emph default
, but he was having plenty of fun participating in our showy exhibition
 of public affection\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 On some oddly timed impulse, he lifted his hand from
 my arm and stroked my hair.
 I could barely feel the cold of his fingertips against my scalp.
 He was very gentle, very careful -- how hard was it for him to touch me
 without hurting me? Was fine motor control lost with the acquisition of
 super-strength? It didn't seem like it, but he was so timid\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're not squeamish about needles, are you, Bella?” Rosalie asked suddenly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Uh -- I'm a little squeamish about 
\emph on
blood
\emph default
, but not needles per se.
 I should be able to handle the injections, I think, and I can close my
 eyes while Carlisle does the blood tests.
 I think.
 I'm not sure.” I hesitated, then said, “If I'm wrong, then I 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 want Jasper to help
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” said Edward at once.
 I looked up at him expectantly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That wouldn't be a good idea,” said Alice softly.
 Jasper was scowling, and he took an angry swig from his water bottle.
 Like he was an alcoholic, and he kept drinking his surrogate liquor, knowing
 with every taste that it wasn't what he wanted\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Oh
\emph default
,” I said.
 Okay.
 No broken human skin near Jasper.
 That must have been why Rosalie hadn't suggested he be the next to go to
 medical school\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I resolved, again, for the thousandth time, that I must 
\emph on
never
\emph default
 slip up as a vampire.
 Never.
 
\emph on
Not once.

\emph default
 Maybe there were good reasons that even Alice and Emmett hadn't acquired
 degrees in medicine.
 Only Carlisle's perfect record, Rosalie's bloodless murders, Edward's unbroken
 control\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 those were the only histories that preceded the ability to tolerate
 proximity to blood, and there were so many ways humans could be made to
 bleed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How do you manage as well as you 
\emph on
do?
\emph default
” I asked, trying to make my voice gentle and the question general, to avoid
 hurting Jasper.
 “People must get paper cuts, fall down and scrape their knees open, pick
 at hangnails a little too much -- if nothing else, a good fraction of the
 girls are going to be having periods at any given time.” The last bit made
 Emmett snigger; Rosalie rolled her eyes, but there was a flash of envy
 on her face.
 I regretted mentioning in front of her that every human female in the school
 had something she desperately wanted, and had lost.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alice and I can give some advance warning, before the smell hits,” Edward
 murmured to me.
 “Alice can often get information far enough ahead of time that we can make
 sure not to be hungry on the wrong days.
 Not always,” he said wryly.
 I remembered: his eyes had been pure black the day I'd first arrived.
 “We don't come to school in hunting mode.
 And we can get away with suddenly leaving class, sometimes -- our grades
 are all perfect in spite of our skipping school on sunny days, and so we
 get a certain amount of leeway.” He coughed -- this had to be solely for
 effect, to signal what a gentleman he was, but he did it anyway -- and
 continued: “The last item you mentioned isn't as much of a problem as you
 might imagine.
 That blood is\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 `dead', in a way.
 It's only a little worse than normal.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That seemed a little 
\emph on
convenient
\emph default
, but since Jasper didn't seem to have a history of devouring high schoolers
 during their time of the month -- or any other time -- I took his word
 for it.
 And I decided to ask Alice or Esme 
\emph on
privately
\emph default
, later, if there were any particular products that would do a better or
 worse job of making me unlikely to be the latest slip-up in the remaining
 months I needed to spend dealing with that issue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So,” Emmett said cheerfully.
 “Squeamish about blood, Bella? How do 
\emph on
you
\emph default
 deal with\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie kicked him, and I made a face.
 “Doesn't seem to be your day to get your questions answered, Emmett,” I
 muttered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Seems not,” he said, agreeably enough.
 “It's funny, though, you want to be a vampire so bad and you're scared
 of blood.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's the smell I don't care for,” I said.
 “Like rust, and salt -- I don't imagine it smells like that to any vampires,
 even ones who used to hate blood.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I wonder if that 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 help, though,” mused Alice.
 “I see you near humans without even looking like you 
\emph on
want
\emph default
 to eat them, with bright red newborn eyes -- and I heard you guessing about
 it yesterday, and that makes some sense, but even Carlisle avoided humans
 early on.
 What if blood still doesn't seem appetizing to you, later?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” I said, “when I'm a vampire, I will definitely tell you all about
 how my thoughts on blood change, Alice.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She got what I meant, and scrunched up her face.
 “Nope, I'm wrong,” she said.
 “You describe it like you sense it normally, for a vampire.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's weird,” I muttered.
 “Not weird that I'd react normally -- weird that you can see things like
 that.
 I mean, now that we already know, I'm not likely to bother taking a minute
 to describe it to you later, am I? But you saw it anyway.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Being psychic would be 
\emph on
so
\emph default
 much less useful if no one could use the information,” Alice said, opening
 her eyes.
 “Maybe I'm just seeing what would happen conditional on my not telling
 anyone.
 I don't see you having that conversation with me 
\emph on
anymore
\emph default
, since the possibility that I didn't tell anyone no longer exists.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But you must often look at things having already firmly decided to share
 what you see,” I began, and then the bell rang.
 I ate my banana on the way to Biology, having been distracted enough by
 the conversation to barely pick at my lunch.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
