#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{18}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Arno Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.3500000000000001
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Denali
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

How are you on your feet?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 asked the vampire woman.
 She was gold-eyed -- one of the Denalis, then, not some random nomad.
 Her platinum blond hair was pulled back into a long ponytail.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's nice to meet you too.
 I'm Bella.” I hadn't received any detailed descriptions of the Denali coven
 -- I remembered that there were three original sisters, and a mated couple
 who'd joined them together, and that Laurent had wound up mated to a sister
 called Irina and then there was David, but I couldn't determine who of
 four possible women I was speaking to.
 I didn't remember receiving a rundown of any witchcraft that the coven
 possessed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She reached out and poked me in the shoulder, gently; nothing happened.
 “You're something, Bella,” she told me.
 “I thought it was just your brain that was all locked up safe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And who might I have the honor of being poked by?” I inquired testily.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, sorry.
 I'm Katrina, you can call me Kate.
 Is this your newborn?” she asked, peering at Mr.
 Clearwater, still curled up on the ground and staring at her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes -- what did you do to him?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Zapped him.
 I was trying to get you too, to be honest.
 Edward said you were a special one, but he's your mate, he'd say you were
 special if you'd tried to pulverize his head.
 Couldn't be sure that you hadn't just got into a normal newbie scuffle
 with this fellow.
 What's wrong with him, anyway? He should be up by now.
 I can only down people for a second.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know.
 I can't even tell if it's normal newborn behavior.
 I'm the only one I've ever met, and Edward wasn't just being a doting husband
 when he told you about me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've had to knock David around some, but he gets right up,” said Kate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I still didn't want to tell the Denalis about the werewolves, but I had
 plenty of credibility to claim complete ignorance.
 “I didn't bite him,” I said.
 “He was beat up pretty bad.
 I spat some venom into a bottle and poured it into a wound.
 Would that do it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kate 
\emph on
hmmed
\emph default
 and looked at Mr.
 Clearwater.
 “Not sure.
 Never tried it that way.
 But you weren't bitten either, right?” I nodded.
 “Maybe he's got some witchy sense you're blocking and he's scared of you
 in particular?” she suggested.
 “He calmed down when I showed up.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I backed away, to no discernible reaction from Mr.
 Clearwater -- but then he'd already quit fleeing at Kate's arrival.
 “What's his name?” she asked me, tipping her head to look at the crouching
 vampire from a different angle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mr.
 Clearwater,” I said.
 “He's a friend of my father's -- I probably knew his first name at one
 point but I can't call it to mind now.
 I ran into him in Seattle when he was there to take his son to the Space
 Needle, and then he got hit by a car and I turned him -- I didn't think
 he'd make it to a hospital.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mr.
 Clearwater,” said Kate in a soothing voice, “can you tell me your full
 name?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

I'm...
 Harry,” he said, flicking his eyes between me and Kate warily.
 “Harry Clearwater.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Can you tell me why you ran from Bella, Harry?” asked Kate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's...” He plainly didn't have words to express whatever concept he was
 using.
 He settled for, “She's 
\emph on
wrong
\emph default
.” I didn't protest; Kate was having much more success getting clear sentences
 out of him than I had.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Am I wrong?” asked Kate.
 Harry shook his head, although he didn't look satisfied with the answer.
 “What's wrong with Bella?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's nothing there,” said Harry.
 “She's not -- a 
\emph on
person
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kate furrowed her brow.
 “This sounds like something witch-like to me.
 We should take him to the house, and see what Eleazar makes of him.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fine by me,” I said.
 “What does Eleazar do?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's got a meta-power, like yours.
 He can tell what somebody does without having to ask them or watch them
 do it,” explained Kate.
 “Maybe he can tell us why Harry here thinks you're `wrong’.” She offered
 Harry her hand, and he took it and got to his feet -- not that it was necessary
, assuming he was physically normal, but it was a gesture indicating that
 his panic was just about me and not something fundamentally broken about
 how he'd turned.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kate led me and Harry through the woods.
 We didn't run, just strolled.
 “So why’d you start yelling about a bear?” Kate asked me over her shoulder.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I heard you and thought at first that you were a human -- I didn't want
 Harry to run into you and eat you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Considerate of you.” She led us to a cluster of three houses, all made of
 stone but otherwise different: one huge, obviously ancient home of grey
 rock, one somewhat newer one in a beige color, and one that could have
 been finished the previous week in white.
 She directed us to the second house; my guess was that the original coven
 built the grey structure, added a new house for Eleazar and his mate when
 they'd arrived, and only a short time ago put up the white manor for Irina
 and Laurent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An olive-tinted, dark-haired vampire was sitting in the front room of the
 beige house, reading a book.
 For a moment I wondered if he was Laurent with a haircut, but Kate greeted
 him: “Eleazar,” she said.
 “Bella and this newborn, Harry Clearwater, are here.
 He seems to sense something strange about Bella, and I thought you might
 inspect him and see what that could be.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eleazar set down his book and looked at Harry, frowning with concentration.
 Harry fidgeted uncomfortably, and kept looking at me, still unnerved, but
 apparently Eleazar didn't share my disconcerting characteristic.
 “Interesting,” said Eleazar after several seconds.
 “It doesn't surprise me that a shield like Bella would block him.
 His power isn't unlike Edward's in scope; he senses people.
 If I were him I would be quite alarmed to see a face with no detectable
 presence behind it.
 It reminds me of what Carlisle has said about his acquaintance Alistair,
 although I haven't inspected him.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward didn't freak out and bolt when he realized I was inaudible,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, well, Edward's power works via the sense of hearing -- he doesn't
 use his ears, but he does experience the thoughts he picks up as though
 they were sound.” This I'd known -- Edward had told me that Carlisle had
 noticed his mindreading before Edward had, because Edward kept replying
 to thoughts as though they'd been spoken.
 “Harry gets his information on another level -- it's about recognition,
 not sensation.
 Like seeing someone familiar and identifying them.” Harry nodded emphatically,
 apparently finding Eleazar's explanation satisfactory.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“At range?” I asked, and Eleazar nodded, still looking steadily at Harry
 -- I guessed that concentration was required for his power to operate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe a better range than Edward's.
 It may differ for vampires and humans, though,” allowed Eleazar.
 “A number of powers do.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay.
 So, Harry, we know why I don't seem like a person to you, but that's just
 because I involuntarily block stuff like that,” I said placatingly.
 “Please don't be scared of me.
 I'm totally a person.” Harry looked at me uneasily, but nodded.
 I turned to Eleazar.
 “You called me a `shield’ -- does that have some special technical meaning?
 What are you getting from me?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Nothing, now,” said Eleazar.
 “As soon as I said it you started blocking me, too.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't do it on purpose,” I said.
 “I have no control at all -- and this is the first I've heard of it ever
 lapsing.
 Edward doesn't hear stray thoughts on alternate Tuesdays or anything.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My power requires concentration to work at full strength, and I was focusing
 on Harry, not you,” said Eleazar, as Kate led Harry away on a tour of the
 house.
 “It's possible that I got through your shield only with my sense's indirect
 form, or only because I was thinking about how Harry's power relates to
 yours.
 I might get more information the next time I'm not paying attention to
 you or the next time I watch you shielding against someone I can examine
 normally.
 I'll let you know if it happens.
 At any rate, `shield’ is a classification the Volturi use to describe defensive
 powers.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sat on a chair opposite Eleazar and leaned my elbows on my knees.
 “I'm immune to Kate,” I said, “and Edward, Aro, Jane, Alec, and apparently
 you and Harry.
 But not Jasper or Alice.
 I thought I had the pattern of it until Kate couldn't knock me over.
 I could 
\emph on
see
\emph default
 the current she was generating when she zapped Harry.
 That's not a mental thing.
 And Jasper's ability to work on me confuses me too.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No two powers are the same,” said Eleazar, “because no two witches 
\emph on
think
\emph default
 the same way.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked.
 “Are you saying that I think of Kate's Taser like a mental phenomenon and
 not Jasper's empathy?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not necessarily -- it doesn't sound like you do, at any rate,” he replied.
 “But I think Kate thinks of her power as operating on the nervous system
 in particular, which is electrical; and Jasper has always described his
 ability as relating to things like pulse and muscle tension and hormone
 levels.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So you're saying Jasper works on me because I don't think of his power
 as mental 
\emph on
more than
\emph default
 he thinks of it as physical, and vice versa with Kate?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Something like that,” Eleazar agreed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Possibilities were bubbling up in my mind.
 “If I manage to teach myself to think of Jasper as operating on a mental
 level, could I add an immunity to him?” I didn't mention the analogous
 Kate possibility; even if my resistance to her shocks made no 
\emph on
sense
\emph default
, I had no interest in shedding layers of shielding, even against an ally.
 I would just have to avoid thinking too hard about how 
\emph on
absurd
\emph default
 it was to consider electrical shocks a mental power.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I would imagine you could, although I'm at something of a disadvantage
 trying to guess how you might develop,” he told me wryly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you give me any tips -- general ones -- on how witches can improve
 over time?” I asked eagerly.
 I did 
\emph on
like
\emph default
 my power -- it was essential to some of what I was doing -- but I 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 been disappointed that I hadn't turned into a vampire and discovered that
 I could also become invisible or something similarly spectacular.
 I hadn't woken up 
\emph on
better
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Kate used to be limited in where she could project her current.
 She could only radiate it from the palms of her hands.
 She expanded it with practice -- sheer use of the power.
 She got into the habit of keeping it active all the time.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mine is already active all the time,” I grumbled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I refined my detection very slowly -- not through continuous exercise,
 but by learning how to concentrate on it.
 It was most difficult while I was a new vampire,” Eleazar went on, “and
 was more distractable.
 I've been able to cut down on the time it takes me to inspect someone.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That was more promising -- 
\emph on
if
\emph default
 my power was controllable by a mental state which I just happened to be
 in 
\emph on
all the time
\emph default
, learning to intensify or manipulate that state could let me gain control
 over fine detail.
 “Anything else?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eleazar pursed his lips.
 “Most people don't trouble to develop their powers, or if they try, they
 fail.
 I suppose Chelsea improved over time...
 but that was likely another case of mere practice.
 She is very busy.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The Volturi guard member who breaks and bolsters relationships?” I asked,
 recalling Gianna's mention of her.
 Eleazar nodded.
 “I don't know if I'm immune to her or not.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I would be very surprised if you were not; Chelsea thinks of her power
 as operating on a similar wavelength as Harry's, the instinctual realization
 of another person as friend or foe...
 Do you know if Marcus can see relationships you are involved in?” Eleazar
 asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't, but Edward might have seen.
 I 
\emph on
think
\emph default
 Marcus was in the room when he and Carlisle and Esme picked me up from
 Italy, although I don't remember for sure, and as far as I know I didn't
 gain any new shielding when I turned.
 What would you make of that, either way?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'd conclude more about Marcus than about you from that information.
 My prediction, though, is that he'd be able to manage it -- I believe his
 understanding of relationships is derived from a human talent at reading
 body language, rather than from anything more abstract.
 If he can't see your connections, then I've misunderstood the basis for
 his power.” I nodded.
 Eleazar named more members of the guard, who I hadn't met: “Afton? Corin?
 Demetri? Heidi? Renata? I suppose if you're alive you didn't test Renata...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What do they do?” I asked, after having shaken my head at each name.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Renata is Aro’s personal bodyguard.
 She's a shield, somewhat like you,” he said.
 “Anyone trying to attack either her, or anyone within a few meters who
 she chooses to defend, will be diverted.
 She stays quite near Aro nearly always, and will protect Caius and Marcus
 as well if there is a need.
 They find themselves going in another direction without realizing it, not
 remembering what it was they wanted to do -- it's a very disorienting sensation
 for a vampire, to lack a clear recollection.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could imagine.
 “Well, I didn't try to attack anyone in the compound, so I don't know about
 Renata.
 What about the rest from your list?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Heidi, Eleazar said, mesmerized -- she was as beautiful as Rosalie, but
 could turn her allure to hypnotic effect.
 Eleazar noted when I asked that it wasn't a sexual attraction that she
 projected.
 Otherwise, he speculated, it would be overridden by mate bonds (which were
 also impermeable to Chelsea) and wouldn't function on paired vampires.
 It was just aesthetic intrigue, leading those she targeted to follow where
 she led so they could continue to look at her.
 The Volturi used her as a hunter: she brought them takeout, so to speak.
 “Hunting is illegal within Volterra itself, except when Heidi brings in
 humans to the Volturi’s own compound,” he explained.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Demetri was the tracker whose skill had rendered James unnecessary to the
 guard.
 But Eleazar thought that where James’s scent-oriented power had served
 well in finding me, Demetri -- otherwise infinitely James’s superior --
 might be baffled.
 He followed thoughts, some unique quirk of the mind that he could trace
 wherever it went -- and I might well be invisible to him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Afton was Chelsea's mate, but his power was unrelated to hers.
 He could manipulate the inertia of his own body, as Eleazar described it:
 unless his opponent had an extra advantage that gave a boost in a physical
 fight, like Alice or Renata, he was nigh-unbeatable.
 He could add force to his blows, and check misplaced momentum, with better
 finesse than even the best-trained normal vampire.
 Eleazar thought that Afton might win in a sufficiently lengthy footrace
 with Edward, who was the fastest vampire of whom he was aware.
 I had no reason to expect to fare well against this power.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Corin was the person that the “shield” category was named after.
 His power wasn't so comprehensive as Renata's, and worked on a different
 level.
 He could throw up invisible barriers near his person that would repel any
 physical assault, but these barriers had limited area, took focus to create,
 and didn't move once he called them up except when purposefully dismissed
 or simply abandoned by Corin moving too far away.
 He could also only make one at a time.
 In practice, Eleazar summarized, this was like having an actual 
\emph on
object
\emph default
 shielding him, albeit an invisible one that could vary in precise shape,
 phase into and out of existence, and teleport.
 I didn't expect my own shield to be able to do anything about Corin either.
 I speculated that Edward could beat Corin up, on the grounds that Edward
 would know where the shield was by reading Corin’s mind and would be fast
 enough to get around it before it could be moved; Eleazar agreed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I asked Eleazar to tell me more about the categories.
 “They're haphazard groupings,” he cautioned.
 “Thinking too much in terms of them isn't the best way to make predictions
 about what a given witch will be able to do.
 That said, the Volturi classify powers as one of six types: shields, weapons,
 illusionists, sensors, trackers, and pullers, to use the English terms.
 There's some overlap between categories, to the point that the only reason
 trackers have their own is that there are tactical differences in their
 powers’ use.
 For example, Jasper's power has a sensory component, and if all he could
 do were detect others’ moods, he'd be a sensor -- but because he can adjust
 emotions as well, he'd be classified as a puller.
 So called because they `pull’ the world around them in ways that suit them.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So I'm a shield, Jasper's a puller, I'm going to guess you and Edward are
 sensors?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, and Alice too -- although I've never seen anyone else at all like
 her, whereas many other powers have similar counterparts in several witches,
 like Edward and Aro or Harry and Alistair.
 Kate is a weapon.
 You might think Jane would be too, but she's categorized as an illusionist,
 as is her twin.
 James and Demetri are trackers, obviously -- I'd class Harry as one as
 well.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “So if I've got the hang of this, I'm immune to all illusionists as far
 as we know, but it's a mixed bag for every other group, if your guesses
 about the guard are right.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, that's what it looks like.
 I wouldn't expect any power to line up evenly with those divisions, though,
 Bella.
 They're convenient inventions, not natural categories.
 You might meet an illusionist who can get through your barriers.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kate re-entered the front room, having finished showing Harry around.
 “I hope you don't mind, Eleazar,” she said, “but I offered Harry the green
 room.
 I don't want 
\emph on
two
\emph default
 newborns in the main house, and I doubt Irina and Laurent would appreciate
 sharing their living space so early on.
 Harry seems less wild than David, anyway, and you shouldn't need me around
 to knock him down on a daily basis.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“David's that hard to handle?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's a newborn,” said Kate, shrugging, and then she glanced at my eyes.
 “A regular one, I mean.
 Do you want to meet him?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, please,” I said.
 “I want to meet everyone before I go.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Come on, then, we'll let Eleazar get back to his reading,” said Kate with
 a smile, and she waved me along to follow her out the door.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We went to the main house, and Kate showed me in.
 Two women, one as pale as me with strawberry blond curls and one olive-tinged
 with black hair, were playing chess on a checkerboard-patterned table.
 A man who I presumed was David was pacing before a picture window.
 When I walked in, he spun around and dropped into a crouch, snarling at
 me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked at him, nonplussed; I could 
\emph on
detect
\emph default
 the little instinct jumping up and down in the back of my mind saying 
\emph on
unfamiliar vampire! likely threat!
\emph default
, but it didn't seem important.
 I'd known he would be there, and Kate and the other two were present and
 known to be friendly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
David seemed totally owned by his instinct, though, and none of the other
 women were surprised by his reaction.
 Kate motioned for me to stay put and approached him slowly.
 “David,” she said softly, “this is Bella.
 Remember that we told you Bella was coming? You've met Edward.
 She's his mate.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
David looked like he was fighting with himself, like he wanted to run from
 me or bite my head off.
 But eventually he straightened up and, with only a slight grimace, said
 “Hello, Bella.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi, David,” I said.
 “It's nice to meet you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This bland introduction out of the way, and David apparently unlikely to
 attack me, Kate turned to her sisters.
 “This is Carmen, Eleazar's mate, and this is Tanya,” she told me, identifying
 first the dark chess player and then her fairer counterpart.
 It looked like Carmen was winning, but I hadn't thought about chess since
 turning and wasn't confident I remembered the rules.
 She did have more pieces on the board, though.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's good to finally have a chance to get to know you,” said Carmen, looking
 away from the game.
 “We've heard some of your story, but we aren't in very regular contact
 with your family; we only know the basics.
 It's such a pity that it wasn't possible for us to come to your wedding.
 So tell me -- how did it happen that you brought a newborn?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We're going to be Newborn Central at this rate,” commented Tanya playfully.
 David started pacing again, like a cat plotting revenge on some innocent
 woodland creature.
 “I hope the one you brought is less of a handful.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He seems to be.
 He doesn't like Bella much, though,” joked Kate.
 She summarized what Eleazar had said about Harry's power, and repeated
 the fake story of how I'd come to turn him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I watched Carmen and Tanya play chess, and answered questions about myself,
 picking up the corresponding information from them.
 The three original sisters, Tanya, Irina, and Kate, were all about a thousand
 years old -- calendars had been iffy at the time of their origins, and
 they hadn't bothered to individually tot up every hour they remembered
 experiencing and figure it out that way.
 They'd been turned by a woman named Sasha, the mother of the coven in the
 same way that Carlisle fathered the Cullens.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, where is she?” I asked, and immediately regretted it -- the wince on
 Tanya's face and Kate's hiss told me that this was not a pleasant story.
 When Kate made that noise it spooked David and he 
\emph on
yowled
\emph default
, backing into a corner and cowering -- evidently he was a little afraid
 of her, which only made sense, if she was in charge of keeping him contained
 and had to resort to her weaponry often.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“David,” sighed Kate, “it's nothing to do with you...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While she soothed him, Tanya began to tell me the story, in clipped tones.
 “The Volturi executed her and our brother, Vasilii.
 Her for turning him, and him simply for being what he was.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What he was...?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“An immortal child,” murmured Carmen, and Tanya looked away, letting the
 less emotionally involved person take over.
 “There were many of them, at one time.
 Vampires would turn children barely more than infants.
 And of course they could not grow, could never mature or learn to control
 themselves.
 They could destroy towns with temper tantrums, they were impossible to
 keep from human notice, and secrecy was no less important then.
 The Volturi exterminated them.
 But it wasn't a simple matter, because they were so beloved -- you've seen,
 of course, how the transformation affects adults, how things intensify,
 but can you imagine the protective instinct generated by a cute two-year-old
 who's been changed in that way? Entire covens would die to protect their
 immortal children, the vampire population was diminished immensely in the
 course of the destruction.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why did Sasha turn Vasilii?” I asked, puzzled.
 “And how did the coven survive when the Volturi came for her?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We don't know why she did it,” Carmen said.
 “She kept him a complete secret -- to the point that the sisters were held
 ignorant and therefore blameless, and spared punishment.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wait, 
\emph on
what?
\emph default
 She managed to keep an immortal child secret from 
\emph on
her own coven?
\emph default
 I thought they were uncontrollable,” I said.
 “It's not as though he'd sleep sometimes and she could put in appearances
 that way -- how could she supervise him without being conspicuous about
 it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tanya hissed at that, which interrupted Kate's attempts to calm David; Kate
 muttered something about wishing Jasper could have taken charge of him
 and hauled the newborn out of the house altogether.
 “We don't know,” Carmen said.
 “We have no idea where Vasilii came from, or why Sasha turned him, or how
 old he was when they were found, or how he was kept a secret.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And nobody noticed that she was gone a lot or -- I'm sorry,” I said to
 Tanya, who swiveled her head around just enough that she'd be able to see
 me out of her peripheral vision.
 “I've been rude -- I have this flippant streak, it's not that I don't feel
 for your loss.
 I'm so sorry.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tanya pursed her lips.
 “We weren't as tightly knit a coven then,” she allowed.
 “It was before we became vegetarians...
 living on animals seems to improve the ability to form close bonds.
 We traveled together in the sense that we would usually be within a few
 miles of each other at any given time, and touched base occasionally.
 We didn't live in houses like this where we could see one another out the
 windows.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 Then, wishing to get away from the hurtful topic, I said, “So what about
 you and Eleazar, Carmen?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We joined the coven after the sisters adopted vegetarianism,” Carmen said.
 “He was a member of the Volturi guard
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
What?
\emph default
” There had been clues -- he'd kept referring to the Volturi witchcraft
 classification system, but for all I knew that was a standard thing, it
 didn't necessarily mean that he'd worked for them any more than all librarians
 were personally students of Dewey.
 He could have just visited them to learn all about their powers -- Carlisle
 had visited, but not actually 
\emph on
joined the guard
\emph default
.
 My mental image of Carlisle's time in Volterra had me thinking of him as
 something like a war correspondent, not an enlisted supporter 
\emph on
for the bad guys
\emph default
.
 I'd simply lumped Eleazar into the same bag.
 Now I was picturing that gentle, patient person in one of those cowls,
 drifting across a floor to touch Aro's hand...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He was a member of the Volturi guard,” repeated Carmen slowly, puzzled.
 “They found it useful that he could identify witches and potential witches
 with less guesswork.
 He wasn't one of their warriors, if that's what you mean...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh! Oh, I see,” I said, letting my eyes fly open.
 I pretended that this was all that had bothered me about the notion.
 Carmen was 
\emph on
definitely not
\emph default
 the place to seek ill judgment of Eleazar.
 “It was just...
 I was surprised that a former guardmember would join a coven with the history
 you just told me about as concerns the Volturi.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We developed a very healthy respect for the law,” muttered Tanya.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Anyway,” said Carmen, looking at me a little strangely, “he wasn't entirely
 happy with them.
 He understood the importance of having and enforcing rules, and felt he
 was working towards the greater good.
 But he wanted to leave with me, when we met, and he did.
 Eventually we met Tanya and her sisters.” Carmen gestured at the blonde,
 who'd relaxed somewhat once we were off the topic of her mother and secret
 brother.
 “And never looked back.
 We like living this way; it suits us.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded slowly.
 I wondered just how hard it would be to get the Denalis' support in my
 project of deposing the serial killers.
 Maybe Edward would have insights, but I would need to wait until the last
 possible moment to ask -- although perhaps I was being paranoid, perhaps
 the Volturi missed momentous events going on all over the world all the
 time.
 Perhaps Aro was nearly as dotty as he often seemed, perhaps he only gave
 crown jewels to people he didn't suspect of crimes, perhaps he'd never
 read Edward again.
 Perhaps he had the least hazardous possible form of mindreading, and couldn't
 learn anything he didn't already suspect.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And perhaps caution 
\emph on
still
\emph default
 made sense, no matter how much I wanted to run to Edward and tell him everythin
g as fast as my lips could buzz and beg for help.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Fleetingly, I missed Rachel, who could know everything because if she were
 ever found, an unsalvageable part of the jig would already be up...
 but it wasn't really Rachel I wanted.
 She was a friend, maybe over time she'd be a great friend.
 But she wasn't 
\emph on
mine
\emph default
 the way Edward was.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would finish meeting the Denalis, and then I would 
\emph on
fly
\emph default
 to Québec, because Harry had busted a door and bled on the interior of
 my car and even if he hadn't flying was 
\emph on
faster
\emph default
 and 
\emph on
I wanted my Edward
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Note to self: It is not fun to be away from Edward.
 It is not good for your psychological health to be away from Edward.
 Do less of that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There had been a silence of a full second, long enough to be awkward for
 rapid vampires.
 “Do you want to meet Irina?” Tanya asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I said at once, “please.
 Her and Laurent -- I've technically met him, but I remember so little about
 it...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” Tanya said, getting up, “Laurent's not here right now.
 He's used to being a nomad; he's in and out a lot.
 Irina's gotten settled over time and usually doesn't go.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In light of the note I'd just made to myself, this was...
 odd.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They're...
 Edward told me that they're mates, not just...” I didn't know how to bring
 up the “succubus” thing gracefully.
 But I had 
\emph on
definitely
\emph default
 been given the impression that it wasn't just a case of Irina trying out
 a not-so-warm-and-soft boy toy for a novel diversion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, they are,” Tanya assured me hurriedly as she led me out of the main
 house.
 “It's obvious, the way Irina reacted -- I don't know Laurent as well, obviously
, but these things always match up from what I've heard.
 But he's...
 I'm not sure, actually.
 Some kind of introvert maybe, although he'd been with a coven...
 Anyway, he isn't here, but Irina is, and I'm sure she'll be glad to meet
 you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded slowly.
 “When is he expected back?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Any day now.” His departures were measured in 
\emph on
days?
\emph default
 It wasn't a matter of popping into the Yukon for an afternoon occasionally?
 It didn't surprise me that he 
\emph on
could
\emph default
.
 I didn't understand why he 
\emph on
would
\emph default
.
 Was he activating a tribe of Inuits who turned into giant owls, supposing
 it was safer if his mate didn't know?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We reached the newest house.
 Irina was in it, draped over an armchair listlessly.
 Her hair was blonde like her sisters', silverier than Kate's straw-pale
 and more desaturated than Tanya's strawberry, and shorter than either --
 it hung just to her chin.
 There was an actual turntable record player on an end table, which had
 a record spinning in it -- nothing I recognized, just something gently
 instrumental.
 “Hi,” said Irina, twisting her posture so she wasn't looking at us upside-down.
 “You must be Bella.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's me,” I acknowledged.
 “It's nice to meet you, Irina.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then, really, there was nothing to say, because Irina had no metapowers
 to give her useful information, and I'd already poked at the family's old
 abcess enough, and there was no newborn convenient to punctuate our interaction
 at irregular intervals.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sat down, even though this was pointless, even though my feet would never
 hurt and my knees would never creak and my legs would never sway if I wanted
 to stand still for a month.
 Tanya stayed put, but helpfully said, “The newborn that Bella brought us
 is called Harry,” and then the sisters had a trivial question-and-answer
 session about the new member of the family.
 I ducked in now and then to fill in details that Kate hadn't repeated in
 Tanya's presence, but couldn't keep my attention on the conversation.
 Three or four times a second I would remember that Edward existed, and
 while this was true and important and good, it was hard to think around.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What was 
\emph on
wrong
\emph default
 with Laurent? I'd been away from 
\emph on
my
\emph default
 mate saving lives and I'd had to do it alone because I had a power that
 
\emph on
Laurent did not have
\emph default
 which meant I could keep secrets at a level inaccessible to others.
 Also, Edward existed.
 What was wrong with 
\emph on
Irina?
\emph default
 Why wouldn't she insist on coming along on these trips of his? And Edward
 existed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The door opened, and Laurent came in.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first thing I noticed about Laurent was that he looked just like my
 (feeble, human) memory of him said he should look.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second thing I noticed about Laurent was that he looked 
\emph on
exactly
\emph default
 like my (powerful, vampire) information said he 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 looked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As he crossed the room, eagerly, with just enough restraint to leave the
 furniture intact, and embraced a joyful Irina, I processed this information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
His eyes were still entirely red.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He'd come to Denali months previously.
 I'd been a vampire for several 
\emph on
weeks
\emph default
.
 And 
\emph on
my
\emph default
 eyes had a thin ring of orange around the edges already.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was not, quite, damning evidence.
 For all I knew, a long-term human diet took longer (much, much longer)
 to be diluted than the mere starting supply of blood coloring a newborn's
 eyes.
 I could easily learn this information from Edward, who probably had occasionall
y consulted mirrors after swearing off the murder of murderers and would
 be able to tell me how long it had taken him to get his gold.
 In case I was wrong, I didn't even need to pose a question that made me
 sound unduly suspicious; I could be all proud of my orange, start a general
 conversation about vampire eyes.
 I had the wherewithal to check.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the meantime, it was rather 
\emph on
extremely
\emph default
 dodgy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To be fair, no one had as good as told me that Laurent had changed his dietary
 habits.
 I'd assumed it would be a prerequisite for joining the coven, that he'd
 do it for Irina.
 But Irina wasn't likely to be any less influenced by him than he was by
 her, and the taste of human blood was supposedly an overwhelmingly powerful
 sensation.
 It wouldn't have astounded me if he'd 
\emph on
slipped
\emph default
 once, twice, more, if his new family had forgiven 
\emph on
that
\emph default
 -- but if he was gallivanting off on long trips without his vegetarian
 mate, for days at a time, that screamed calculation...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But I said nothing, I pasted a smile on my face and waited for Laurent and
 Irina to finish their hug that could probably have crushed coal into diamonds,
 I politely reintroduced myself when he'd set her back down on the ground
 and turned his attention to me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Laurent, too, received the mostly-fake story of Harry; he too expressed
 his enjoyment in meeting me; and once, I saw Tanya flick her gaze to his
 eyes, frown infinitesmally for a sliver of a moment, and abruptly bring
 up an obviously recurring tease about Irina's choice of music playing equipment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Also, my brain reminded me helpfully, Edward existed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had met all the Denalis, there were no further mysteries or werewolves
 that I needed to poke at or activate in this time zone, and I wanted to
 go.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I made my excuses.
 I ducked into Carmen and Eleazar's house to (carefully, avoiding anything
 that might cause alarm) bid Harry goodbye and make sure he had all the
 contact information he might need.
 I ran out into the wilderness, called around to a few airlines, and bought
 a flight to Montréal that I could just barely make.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I forced the busted door of my car onto its hinges, clamping metal onto
 more protesting metal until I thought it would stay put during the drive
 to the airport.
 I folded down the ragged edges of the hole as best I could.
 The window was a loss, but having a rear window missing wouldn't get me
 pulled over.
 I inspected my handiwork, decided it would have to do for the upcoming
 drive, and started out.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sped.
 Near the airport, I waited for a moment when the highway was deserted before
 steering off the road; the car rolled over several times, acquiring enough
 damage to cover the strange hole and finger-shaped crush marks in the door.
 I kicked it a few more times for good measure after worming my way out,
 then ripped off the license plates and other identifying tags, which I
 buried under a small tree that I picked up and replanted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I did feel slightly odd about deliberately destroying a functional car that
 could have just been cleaned and had the one door replaced and then been
 fine.
 Overriding this uneasiness was the fact that I felt very strongly that
 I needed to be in Québec sooner rather than later.
 I couldn't think of a nice way to give the Denalis such a damaged object
 as a gift -- “Here, take the car that the newborn I just saddled you with
 took a chunk out of because I don't want to drive it home”.
 Rosalie was not on the correct continent to fix the car, and auto body
 repair wasn't a skill I had.
 I had no realistic intention to pick the thing up from any shops I could
 leave it at in Alaska.
 And if I just abandoned it at a junkyard or somewhere else, however anonymous
 I rendered it first, the nature of the damage as it had been would be transpare
ntly unusual to anyone getting a decent look.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My clothes were something of a mess at this point.
 I didn't exactly look bloodstained and like I'd just suffered a car crash
 -- but I did look like I'd gone a bit too long without a change of clothes
 and possibly like I'd obtained my current set by stealing them from their
 previous hobo owner.
 I found a dismal little store, bought a new outfit (clothing retailers
 were going to learn to recognize my credit card number on sight), put in
 new contact lenses, and proceeded on foot to the airport.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Once in the building, I promptly wished that I'd hunted more recently, but
 I didn't need to breathe much after checking in and getting through security
 via typical awkward “I have weird bioelectricity” rigmarole.
 On the plane I held my breath, pretended to nap, and moved my shoulders
 occasionally to make it look to the flight attendants and my neighbors
 like I was drawing in air.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I seriously considered stealing a car when I got off the plane in Québec
 City.
 I could note the plate number, get Jasper to look up the pertinent details
 with his computer hacking skills that might as well have been a second
 witchy talent, and mail its owner a fat check later, and it would be so
 much faster than bothering with a rental, which I would have to return
 later...
 I didn't have a way to pick a car that wouldn't be urgently needed when
 its owner arrived to use it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Somebody else might be trying to get home to 
\emph on
their
\emph default
 Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Or need to go to work or something like that, but my brain was very insistent
 that everything be about Edward.
 I gritted my teeth and tolerated the rental process, stumbling through
 it with inadequate French until the clerk let on that he knew English.
 There was not enough attention left in my head to be annoyed with his delayed
 language switch.
 I wanted to go, and it could not in any way make that happen faster if
 I were to chastise this inconsequential human for poor customer service.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I drove as fast as I could without running an unacceptable risk of being
 pulled over.
 (I wasn't like Edward, with a built-in police scanner...) I hadn't learned
 to read the traffic patterns and note the sort of slowing that came with
 a cop car in the area.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was dark when I got to the house.
 As soon as I opened the door I could hear Gianna snoring.
 I didn't give her another thought beyond that for the next seven hours,
 which I spent 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 a thousand miles away from 
\emph on
my Edward
\emph default
 who not only existed, but was also every bit as pleased to see me as I
 was to see him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna was an early riser; I heard her getting up and starting to move around
 only a few minutes past dawn.
 Then she called her brother, who she spoke to in Italian that I could half-foll
ow; I asked Edward and he translated the rest.
 It was easier to learn the language listening to a naturalistic conversation
 in it, and Gianna didn't mean for the conversation to be private if she
 was having it in the house.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It sounded like Ilario was handling vampirism better than Harry, but a little
 worse than me.
 Alice hadn't yet given the green light to test him near a human, but had
 indicated that she'd deem it safe “real soon now”.
 He talked to Gianna at some length about how easy it was for the world
 around him to distract him, how strange hunting was and how unpleasant
 animals tasted.
 He had nice things to say about the portion of my family still in Norway.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was dealing with some minutiae about getting his possessions and paperwork
 handled in Volterra -- Carlisle had found it necessary to let out officially
 that Ilario was dead.
 However, Ilario was hoping that he could go back to living in Italy once
 he was shown capable of tolerating human presences, probably not in Volterra
 proper but possibly near Rome.
 He'd been informed of Gianna's agreement to serve as a surrogate mother,
 but wanted her to join him there after this service had been discharged.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Speaking of that,” I said, leaning on Edward and interrupting his translation,
 “it probably won't be long before we can send Gianna to Norway again and
 then run around South America looking for half-vampires.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward smiled and kissed the crown of my head.
 “Is that what you want to do next?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Since I already met the Denalis, yeah, that seems to be next,” I said.
 And that reminded me of Laurent, and his eyes.
 “Hey, have you noticed anything different about me?” I asked, attempting
 to sound perky and proud of myself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hmm,” said Edward, placing his hands on my face to move it into a convenient
 location for inspection.
 I laughed while he made an exaggerated show of peering at my features,
 and then he said, “Of course I saw your eyes, Bella.
 You're right on schedule.
 They'll be completely gold in just a few months.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I grinned, kissed him, and said, “Is it the same schedule for vampires who
 ate humans first and then stopped?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Considerably faster, actually,” said Edward, and my lips compressed.
 “I'm sure you've noticed that your eyes don't go black.
 Well, you haven't gone long enough without hunting to really see them go
 
\emph on
black
\emph default
 -- that takes a week or two and you've been very careful -- but they don't
 darken, because you're a newborn and still using up the supply of your
 own human blood.
 A black-eyed vampire who eats an animal will immediately turn gold-eyed;
 a non-newborn who has eaten humans and has the burgundy colored eyes, who
 then switches to an animal diet, might take a few days.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Yep.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Laurent was killing people.
 The Denalis all knew it, with the possible exception of David and likely
 exception of Harry (however temporary these exceptions might be).
 They weren't doing anything about it.
 They might or might not be aware that I knew.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Now, what was I going to do about that?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Quickly rifling through my information, I decided that there was little
 or no risk associated with telling Edward about Laurent.
 The Denalis had made no attempt to swear me to secrecy.
 The Volturi would certainly not care if Laurent was eating people as long
 as he covered his tracks, which he likely was, so there was no special
 danger from them if his transgressions became known.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, a problem I didn't have to attack without Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But I saw Laurent at Denali,” I said.
 “His eyes were still red.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward stilled, then held me a little tighter.
 He didn't look shocked, just protective.
 The information was not alarming to him -- but he realized it might be
 so to me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Then again, Edward classed his meta-killing, the slaughter of murderers,
 on approximately the same moral level as picking an arbitrary person off
 the street for no special reason and eating them.
 I tilted my head back to look at his face -- yes, there was that familiar
 guilty look, begging my forgiveness like I was a divine being of some kind.
 If I judged Laurent aloud now, without assuaging that, he'd think I was
 classing them together.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think he's just slipping up,” I went on, and I described the indication
s that he was planning extended hunting trips.
 “And he doesn't have a convenient way to make sure he's only eating people
 who were about to hurt someone.” I snuggled closer to Edward.
 “I suppose it's 
\emph on
possible
\emph default
 that he's doing some kind of detective work and trying to find unsavory
 targets that way, but it doesn't seem likely...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're right,” said Edward heavily, “it doesn't.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“David might have no idea, and Harry almost certainly doesn't, yet,” I said.
 “But the others have to know.
 
\emph on
They
\emph default
 all still have gold eyes, so unless I came at a really odd time and they're
 
\emph on
omnivorous
\emph default
 or whatever the euphemism would be for a mixed diet, it's just him.
 Why are they putting up with it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward spoke slowly, measuring his reply.
 “There's a few possible reasons...
 First, there's essentially no way they can 
\emph on
control
\emph default
 Laurent.
 You can't put a vampire in prison.
 It wouldn't be any significant deterrent to try to fine him or anything.
 The only way to make a vampire act, or not act, against his will, is by
 violence or the threat of it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Kate could take him,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sure Kate alone, or any two or three of the others, could take him
 in a fight,” Edward agreed.
 “But it's not a live option even if we assume they have no qualms about
 harming Laurent himself.
 If they hurt Laurent, they hurt Irina -- possibly literally; she might
 back him in a physical confrontation.
 You remember how I reacted when Jasper was trying to talk about manhandling
 you during your first exposure to a human? That was when you were 
\emph on
demanding
\emph default
, in so many words, that Jasper be allowed to rip your arm off if it would
 save `your experimental subject' and I barely managed to tolerate it.
 And I'm not sure what I would have done if he'd 
\emph on
actually
\emph default
 had to injure you.
 Laurent wouldn't be likely to reason with Irina in that way, so to attack
 him they'd have to contend with their sister as well.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I said, “so they won't fight her to defend humans they don't know,
 but why is 
\emph on
Irina
\emph default
 tolerating it? Why isn't 
\emph on
she
\emph default
 getting him to stop? He'd have to listen to her.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward chewed on this question for a couple of seconds.
 “Well,” he said, “the second reason is that the Denalis don't see vegetarianism
 in quite the same way we do.
 It was Tanya's idea to call it that, actually, and I think she considers
 it analogous to the plant-eating version practiced among humans.
 That is, it's a personal lifestyle choice, perhaps with a moral dimension
 to it, but nothing worth introducing social strife about.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“David and Harry
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I began in horror.
 David's eyes had been pale orange, but...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They'll raise their children, so to speak, as vegetarians,” Edward assured
 me, squeezing my hand.
 “I don't think you need to worry about David or Harry being encouraged
 to drink human blood any more than Ilario is now.
 They won't be stopped if they decide, on their own, to leave and join the
 ranks of typical vampires -- I wasn't stopped either, for that matter --
 but if they stay with the coven, they aren't likely to.
 And Irina's probably not going to return to the practice herself.
 But she doesn't have enough of a motivation to evangelize that she'll risk
 relationship strain to argue with Laurent about it.
 If she did, she probably ran out of impetus months ago and they've settled
 into an uneasy compromise at this point.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's killing 
\emph on
people
\emph default
,” I said.
 “Not pigs and chickens and cows, 
\emph on
people
\emph default
.
 That's not a 
\emph on
lifestyle choice
\emph default
, that's dead mothers and fathers and brothers and sisters and sons and
 daughters
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward was not happy.
 I sighed.
 “Not that I'm saying that you should go 
\emph on
back
\emph default
 to the vigilante-justice-and-fast-food habit,” I said, smoothing his eyebrow
 with my thumb, “but it's different.
 I really do think it's different.
 If I thought Laurent were capable of distinguishing good and evil people,
 and choosing to eat only the evil ones who were about to abduct children
 or set fire to orphanages or whatever, this wouldn't be the most thrilling
 information I could learn -- but there are plenty of higher priorities
 in my life than stopping killers from being killed.
 If Laurent's eating bad humans, though, it's by coincidence.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded mutely.
 “The third reason,” he said softly, “is that there are a 
\emph on
lot
\emph default
 of vampires in the world, and just because Laurent lives in Denali now,
 it might not seem to the sisters and Eleazar that they have more of an
 obligation to control him than they have to control any vampire outside
 the family.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I realized that I probably sounded hypocritical to Edward, complaining about
 Laurent, because he didn't know that I was laying groundwork to overthrow
 the Volturi and thereby end a number of objectionable diets.
 I tried to think of a way to stop sounding like that without giving anything
 away.
 “Eleazar mentioned a friend of Carlisle's named Alistair,” I said abruptly.
 “I assume he's not a vegetarian either and Carlisle calls him his 
\emph on
friend
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He nodded, confirming this fact.
 “Well, insofar as Alistair has friends.
 He's the most misanthropic individual I've ever met, and he can stand to
 have a visit from Carlisle -- his closest acquaintance, as far as I know
 -- about once every hundred years.
 There are letters a little more frequently than that.
 I believe they last wrote in 1982.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are there any other friends of the family I should know about?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward listed them: Jasper's old covenmates Peter and Charlotte.
 An Irish coven, an Egyptian one, one that lived in the Amazon Basin, solitaries
 Garrett and Mary and Randall in North America and the pair Charles and
 Makenna in Europe.
 “We've 
\emph on
met
\emph default
 others, of course,” he said.
 “Chance meetings like our encounter with Laurent and his old coven.
 But those are the ones with whom we have some ongoing acquaintance.
 In fact, I think Rosalie and Emmett were thinking of going to Ireland soon
 to visit Siobhan and her coven -- it used to be just the mated pair, Siobhan
 and Liam, but they've added a member recently.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And these are all...
 non-vegetarians.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded solemnly.
 “Vegetarian vampires are very, 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 rare, Bella.
 Vampires in general are merely uncommon.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Has 
\emph on
any
\emph default
 effort been made towards deliberately convincing anyone who eats people
 to stop eating people? Or is it all a matter of waiting for them to show
 up by themselves -- your return, Carmen and Eleazar showing up on the Denali's
 doorstep, Alice seeing herself and Jasper join up with us and doing so?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There have been some gentle attempts,” Edward said.
 “They haven't met with much success.
 You don't 
\emph on
know
\emph default
 what human blood tastes like, Bella -- it's not a small thing to ask someone
 to give up, when they've already decided that they accept the cost in human
 life.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
You
\emph default
 know what it tastes like,” I said.
 “Esme knows what it tastes like.
 Alice knows what it tastes like.
 Emmett knows what it tastes like.” Jasper was a bad example, so I did not
 bring him up.
 “Tanya and Kate and Irina and Carmen and Eleazar know what it tastes like.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” Edward said heavily, “we do.
 Why do you think it makes it so much harder to resist, when you have that
 knowledge? Gianna's downstairs right now.
 I 
\emph on
know what she would taste like
\emph default
.
 It takes a toll, whenever I'm around a human, that I have to know, that
 I don't need to merely 
\emph on
imagine
\emph default
 like you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How could it taste 
\emph on
that good?
\emph default
” I asked, flopping dramatically backwards onto the floor.
 The house was irregularly furnished like other Cullen homes, and we were
 not in a room equipped with a bed -- they had aesthetic purpose, which
 was why Esme's island had them, but were not necessary for comfort during
 sleep or at any other time.
 Gianna was lucky that there was, for some reason, one four-poster in Alice's
 room here.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“To give you an idea,” said Edward, “before our wedding, I asked my brothers
 what to expect about the honeymoon, and Jasper's exact words were `second
 only to the taste of human blood'.
 Emmett did not disagree with him.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I stared at him incredulously.
 “So you're saying that Jasper and Emmett think human blood is better than
 sex.
 Than 
\emph on
vampire
\emph default
 sex, not the human kind.
 And Jasper's never even run into a singer.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's your opinion on this issue?” I asked archly, striking a pose.
 “Don't feel like you have to lie to spare my feelings.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My husband's eyes raked appreciatively over me and he said, “I wouldn't
 have to lie to do that even if you were easily offended.
 I'm not sure what I would answer if I'd ever tasted 
\emph on
your
\emph default
 blood, though.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I wonder if Irina and Laurent would be inclined to cast votes,” I said.
 “Or any of the other friends of the family who have the relevant information.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, I suppose you could ask them,” he said, but his attention was clearly
 no longer on topic, and I didn't feel like dragging him back towards it
 right then.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
