#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
%\setcounter{chapter}{1}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Forks
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You don't have to make a hundred mistakes for everything to disintegrate
 around you.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One will do.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One wrong risk, one misplaced trust, one careless guess is enough to destroy
 the one thing you can least afford to lose.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But I'd never had any reason to imagine that my disaster would befall me
 at the time when I was most unexpectedly safe.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Here is how I decided to live with my father in Washington.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My favorite three questions are, 
\emph on
What do I want?
\emph default
, 
\emph on
What do I have?
\emph default
, and 
\emph on
How can I best use the latter to get the former?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Actually, I'm also fond of 
\emph on
What kind of person am I?
\emph default
, but that one isn't often directly relevant to decision making on a day-to-day
 basis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What did I want? I wanted my mother, Renée, to be happy.
 She was the most important person to me, bar none.
 I also wanted her 
\emph on
around
\emph default
, but when I honestly evaluated my priorities, it was more important that
 she be happy.
 If, implausibly, I had to choose between Renée being happy on Mars, and
 Renée being miserable living with me as she always had -- I wouldn't be
 thrilled about it.
 At all.
 But I'd send her to Mars.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Mars wasn't in the picture, but my new stepfather Phil's travel schedule
 was.
 I'm a minor child; one isn't permitted to leave those unattended for too
 long.
 And so when he went from city to city, Renée stayed home, with me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She was not happy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Renée loves me, but she loves Phil too, or she wouldn't have married him.
 (I wouldn't call her the world's most self-aware person, but marriage is
 something she takes very seriously, since her divorce from my father.
 She was careful this time around.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What did I have?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lots of things -- but the relevant one was: another parent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And so, to let Renée follow Phil and be happy, I moved to the town of Forks,
 Washington -- to stay, where I'd previously only spent summers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It's a significant flight from Phoenix to Forks.
 A significant two flights and a drive, actually.
 I stocked my carry-on luggage with books to read and spiral notebooks to
 fill.
 I made a habit of carrying notebooks, and pens, everywhere.
 If I pinned my thoughts onto paper, they couldn't escape later.
 Without that kind of enforcement, they were liable to morph into versions
 of themselves that were more idealized, more consistent -- and not what
 they were originally, and therefore false.
 Or they'd be forgotten altogether, which was even worse (those thoughts
 were 
\emph on
mine
\emph default
, and I wanted 
\emph on
them
\emph default
).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wrote a lot, whenever anything remotely unusual or challenging happened.
 Once a week or so, I typed it all up, so I'd have a searchable archive.
 Originally I'd had to write down everything I could come up with in order
 to be more or less sure that I wasn't fooling myself more than was strictly
 necessary; after a few years of practice, I mostly trusted myself to remember
 my actual thoughts and not the fictionalized ones my brain preferred to
 provide.
 By the time I moved to Forks, the notebooks were more of a comfort object,
 which I mostly used for things I might need to refer to that were too important
 to leave to memory.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My father, Charlie, met my second plane in Port Angeles, hugged me with
 one arm, and helped me get my suitcases into his police cruiser.
 Once I'd buckled my seatbelt, in accordance with the law it would have
 been too ironic not to obey in a cop car, Charlie began the drive to his
 house -- my house, too, I supposed.
 He told me he'd found a good car for me, a cheap one.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 wanted a car.
 Not just to have a car -- I didn't care about cars very much as objects
 -- but to have autonomous mobility around town, and to avoid dependence
 on Charlie for rides, as he a) had other things to do with his time and
 b) drove a conspicuous vehicle.
 That he'd found me one for myself was a sign of attentiveness, trust, and
 spontaneous generosity: he knew what I wanted, thought I'd be responsible
 enough to have it, and offered it to me without any social obligation to
 do so whatever.
 I felt a rush of gratitude, and immediately thanked him warmly.
 He looked a little embarrassed; I relieved the awkwardness by asking after
 the details of the car and providing a concrete topic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He'd already bought the car, which was actually a Chevy truck, for me as
 a homecoming gift -- that was good if the car was adequate because it'd
 save me the money, but bad if it wasn't, because its gifthood made it harder
 to replace.
 I wanted to like the car.
 It was from his friend Billy Black, who'd become disabled recently and
 couldn't drive it any more.
 That reduced the odds that it was a lemon if he had a reason like that
 to get rid of it, which was important because I knew nothing about fiddling
 with the innards of engines.
 Although Charlie did admit to me, after a little prodding, that it was
 an 
\emph on
old
\emph default
 truck.
 
\emph on
Very
\emph default
 old.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie's a quiet sort.
 After our car talk was over, we observed that the weather was damp, then
 ceased to speak; I observed, silently, that the damp weather characteristic
 of the area did lead to some very nice, verdant scenery.
 I liked that, although the moist prerequisites weren't as pleasant.
 I decided that it would be useful to develop a taste for wet weather, and
 pulled out my notebook du jour to note that if I saw a way to do that,
 I should.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We arrived at his house.
 The truck was a solid red thing that I found strangely appealing.
 I wrote down that I should think about that -- I wouldn't have guessed
 from a description of it that I'd have liked it, and that meant there was
 something I didn't know about my aesthetics -- and then took it for a test
 drive around the block.
 It ran, loudly, but the radio worked and could drown out the engine noises.
 When I pulled it back into the driveway, Charlie had already hauled my
 bags inside and up the stairs to my room.
 I told him I loved the car, and then he stayed out of my way while I unpacked.
 As soon as I'd stashed the contents of my toiletry kit in the house's single
 bathroom, my next priority was to fire up my laptop and e-mail Renée, letting
 her know I'd made it safely and coming up with a short list of remarks
 about the weather, Charlie's good health, my new (old) truck, and my mixed
 feelings about the school I'd attend the following day, starting in mid-January
 no less.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't need to be very detailed in my note to Renée, but the upcoming
 half-a-year of school was significant enough to warrant some heavy duty
 scribbling.
 Out came the spiral notebook.
 I wrote without dwelling on the words or trying to edit.
 If I decided that what came out of my brain was too terrible to be recorded,
 I could set the page on fire -- 
\emph on
after
\emph default
 I had seen what was on it for myself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was used to a huge school with the resources that were the privilege of
 densely populated districts.
 I was used to being able to disappear in a sea of people.
 I wasn't used to Fork's student population three hundred and fifty-eight,
 counting me.
 I had to enter in the middle of the year.
 Everyone else already knew each other -- moreover, everyone else had known
 each other from earliest childhood.
 Forks was one of those towns where a few people left and almost nobody
 ever turned up.
 I'd been born here and I'd spent the odd summer month here, but Charlie
 didn't live close to any families with kids my age, and I'd certainly never
 attended school here before.
 I was only sort of native, and wouldn't know any of my classmates.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Towns this small were also the natural habitat of gossip.
 If Charlie had mentioned to any of his friends or fellow police officers
 that his daughter was coming to stay for good, everybody in Forks who wasn't
 too young to have acquired language yet was also party to the information.
 I couldn't disappear: everyone would know who I was just by process of
 elimination, even if my resemblance to my father wouldn't do it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My novelty would probably get me some attention and interest, though.
 If I were prepared for it, and acted friendly and excited to be there instead
 of self-conscious and beleaguered, I could probably make some friends on
 my first day and get their help navigating the school.
 I decided to psych myself up to make the most of the opportunity on the
 drive over to the school; friends in an unfamiliar place would be good.
 Full stop.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It rained a lot in Forks.
 Around midnight, it quieted to a light patter and I was able to fall asleep;
 by morning, it was just thick fog.
 I pulled on some nice, but not uncharacteristic, clothes -- to make a good
 impression on my classmates that wouldn't be undercut by my next outfit
 -- and went downstairs for breakfast.
 There wasn't any reason for Charlie to say anything while we ate our cereal,
 and so he didn't.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I reacquainted myself with the house.
 It had been months since I'd been there, but almost nothing had changed.
 In fact, almost nothing had changed since my mother had stormed out of
 the place, baby me in tow: the cabinets in the kitchen were still the same
 sunny yellow she'd painted them, for instance.
 I had never quite had the temerity to ask Charlie if he just hated redecorating
, or if he wasn't over Renée yet.
 My suspicion was the latter.
 The pictures on the mantelpiece included a wedding photo and the pair of
 them in the delivery room right after my birth.
 The latter I could explain the same way as the procession of my school
 photos in a neat chronological row, the former not so readily.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wasn't sure I could get to the high school as quickly as the distance
 suggested I should.
 There was fog 
\emph on
everywhere
\emph default
, and I'd never driven in Forks before, only in and around Phoenix, so I
 didn't have a good sense of the road quality.
 I put on my raincoat over my knapsack as soon as I'd finished my breakfast,
 and left early.
 I raced from the house's door into the dry cab of my truck as fast as I
 could and roared down the street.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The school didn't look very much like a school.
 It was a group of brick buildings clustered together just off the highway,
 nestled in among trees and shrubs and connected by stone paths.
 (I considered it a poor design choice that the paths were not covered,
 and was glad of my coat.) I parked in front of the first building I rolled
 up to, which was conveniently labeled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Front Office
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 There weren't any other cars there, even the staff I'd expect to show up
 early, so I was probably going to have to move to some fog-obscured lot
 elsewhere on the campus, but whoever staffed the office would be able to
 direct me to it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The office was a riot of awful color -- green potted plants, repulsive orange-an
d-grey carpet, a rainbow of papers and plaques on the walls, and, behind
 the counter at one of three desks, a redheaded woman wearing purple.
 I walked up to the counter, encouraged my face to smile, and said, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Excuse me.
 I'm Isabella Swan.
 I
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Her face lit up when I said my name, and she interrupted me.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Of course! I have your schedule right here, and a map of the school.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 She pulled them out of a tall, messy paper tower on her desk.
 It would have done less than no good to let the third sentence I spoke
 to this woman be a rebuke for the interruption, and even less good to fume
 about it indefinitely without taking action to prevent its recurrence.
 I did not like being interrupted as I tried to communicate, and my relentless
 attacks on this button had done no good; it annoyed me, every time.
 But I could make the annoyance brief, with a little work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While the secretary marked all the routes I'd need to follow for my schedule
 on the map in highlighter, I went through my mood-zapping routine.
 Some people counted to ten, but that only made explicit the natural diminishing
 intensity of emotions over time and forced the waiting period.
 My way took a little longer, even after I'd pruned the process from a notebook-
eating time-killer to a streamlined mental process.
 When I was done, though, I was not annoyed anymore.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The short version was just to review what I 
\emph on
knew
\emph default
 about my annoyance, and confirm to myself 
\emph on
that I knew it
\emph default
.
 I 
\emph on
knew
\emph default
 that the woman had not caused it maliciously: she did not know me, did
 not know about this trigger, had no reason at all to try to irritate me,
 and was even now being supremely helpful.
 I 
\emph on
knew
\emph default
 that it did me no good to be annoyed: the emotion was not 
\emph on
pleasant
\emph default
, it did not make me more 
\emph on
effective
\emph default
 at getting any of the things I wanted, and I did not 
\emph on
prefer
\emph default
 to be annoyed when interrupted.
 (It wasn't that I had a general desire to never be annoyed.
 I would have considered it appropriate if she'd shoved me for no reason
 or if she'd taken a personal phone call instead of doing her job when I
 walked in.
 But I had tried repeatedly in the past to eliminate altogether my dislike
 of interruptions, and that I'd so attempted was not 
\emph on
consistent
\emph default
 with wishing to be annoyed about this unspecial interruption in particular.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Long practice at excising just this sort of reaction made it come loose
 more easily than some moods might have.
 But my annoyance was the ascription of motive to the secretary, glued down
 with entitlement and habit.
 If the motive were recognized to be nonexistent and the entitlement dissolved
 and the habit 
\emph on
fought
\emph default
 as a thing in my brain that I did not welcome, they ceased to trouble me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The lady finished with her highlighter and gave back my map and schedule.
 She expressed a hope that I would like it in Forks, and told me the way
 to the correct parking lot; I thanked her sincerely and was on my way.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My aged truck didn't stand out as it would have if I'd driven it to the
 school in Phoenix.
 Except for one conspicuously shiny Volvo, the cars in the parking lot (which
 had filled up a bit by the time I got there) were old models.
 I parked, pocketed my keys, and found my location on the map.
 From there I followed the path of the line of highlighter to building three,
 and hopped out of the truck to join the swarm of teenagers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My first class was English.
 Everything on the reading list was something I'd covered in school already.
 I'd probably be able to update old essays and spend my reading time on
 something else.
 I had no chance before class to introduce myself to anyone.
 Luckily, after the bell rang to end the class, a dark-haired boy who'd
 sat next to me leaned over.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

You're Isabella Swan, aren't you?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he asked.
 All the heads from our region of the classroom swiveled around, which,
 given that I needed to correct my appellation, was just as well.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Yes,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

but I prefer `Bella'.
 What's your name?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'm Eric,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said, sounding quite friendly.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Where's your next class?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I checked.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Building six.
 Government.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I could show you the way.
 I'm headed for four, it's not far off,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he offered.
 I smiled at him with a nod, and we collected our jackets from the hooks
 by the door.
 Eric set the pace along the crowded footpath and asked, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

So, this is a lot different than Phoenix, isn't it?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Very,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I agreed.
 It was great that I knew someone's name now and that he seemed helpful,
 but there wasn't going to be a lot of time for an entire conversation about
 Phoenix v.
 Forks between buildings three and six.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

It doesn't rain much there, does it?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Just three or four times a year,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Wow, what must that be like?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Eric mused.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I guessed that if he'd never left Forks, it 
\emph on
wouldn't
\emph default
 be obvious, a little like how I only knew about snow via the televised
 winter Olympics.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Dry, bright,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I told him, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

less greenery, more xeriscaping, fewer raincoats, more sunglasses.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked like he might have been confused by the word 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

xeriscaping
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 -- we weren't exactly in a place famous for its rock gardens and cacti
 -- but said only, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

You don't look very tan.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Skin cancer isn't among my hobbies,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said with a half-smirk.
 That had been off the cuff, but once I got out of the rain I planned to
 add it to my list of ways to learn to like Forks's weather: reduced risk
 of awful tumorous death.
 I didn't fancy dying at all, so crossing off likely causes was a plus.
 If I somehow eliminated them all, I'd be immortal.
 Eric smiled faintly, like he was pretending to get the joke, and escorted
 me to the door of building six.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Well,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said as I hauled the door open, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

good luck.
 Maybe we'll have some other classes together.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 He gave me a hopeful smile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Government was followed by Trigonometry and Spanish.
 Trig was notable for the teacher's request that I introduce myself to the
 whole class.
 I ought to have expected something like that, but it caught me off guard
 and I stammered my way through some very basic facts -- my name, my preferred
 nickname, that I was from Phoenix, and that I was 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

going to sit down now is that chair okay?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 I sat, produced my notebook, and wrote 
\emph on
cure fear of impromptu public speaking
\emph default
 under my to-hack list right after 
\emph on
learn to like rain (cancer is bad!)
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In Trig, I met a girl named Jessica Stanley.
 She was tiny, with innumerable black curls and unstoppable chatter.
 She came with me to Spanish, as she was in the same class, and then invited
 me to sit with her and her friends at lunch.
 I went with her even as Eric spotted me from across the cafeteria and waved.
 By this point I'd met enough people to be running out of memory slots for
 new names, and I couldn't keep track of who I was sitting with, pleasant
 and worth remembering though they all seemed.
 I wanted to write down names and descriptions for them all.
 I refrained: I'd been cured of that particular hyper-graphic urge when
 a classmate of mine in the eighth grade had looked over my shoulder, been
 confused by my description of her as 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

wee
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, and thrown the notebook into a lavatory puddle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Everyone wanted to know how I liked Forks.
 I told them honestly that it was good to get more time with my dad, that
 the rain took some getting used to, and that everyone I had met was very
 helpful and polite.
 They were pleased with this assessment, especially the part where the rain
 comment gave them a hook into the world's most usual conversation topic.
 While Jessica and several of the others at the table traded half-remembered
 fragments of unreliable meteorological knowledge, I looked around the room
 where I'd be taking my midday meals for the next several months.
 That's when I saw them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

They
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 were simultaneously completely unalike and obviously a group.
 They all sat at one table, but no two looked similar at a glance.
 There were three boys and two girls.
 One of the boys was the approximate size, shape, and menace of a bear;
 he looked like he was planning to go to college on a weightlifting scholarship,
 or like he'd done it a few years ago and was only sitting in a high school
 cafeteria for kicks.
 His dark curls contrasted with the bright honey mop on his neighbor, a
 lean, muscular, and vaguely leonine boy.
 The last boy was wiry, and looked younger than the other two, more like
 an actual high school student than a professional athlete.
 His hair was untidily bronze in the light, reddish-brown in less flattering
 shadow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The two girls looked as opposite as could be while still both being white,
 female, and able-bodied.
 The tall one could have been a statue of Aphrodite with gold leaf caked
 onto her long, styled hair.
 She didn't look college-bound so much as Hollywood-bound, or maybe Paris
 -- she'd do well anywhere that being decorative was a job skill.
 The other girl was littler and spindlier than Jessica.
 Her black hair was short, pointed away from her head in all directions,
 and gave her a pixie look.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But apart from the variations in size and hair color, they were all alike.
 They were paler than me, pale like marble, or ice -- all just the same
 shade.
 And their faces were all the same.
 I had a momentary impression that they'd been drawn by a cartoonist who
 only knew how to sketch a single sort of face, but that wasn't right: they
 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 be recognizable by face alone -- but it would be hard.
 Not because they had anything that registered as family resemblance; they
 didn't.
 Rather, because the easiest thing to think about when looking at any of
 those five faces was something along the lines of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\emph on
Pretty!
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 It occluded the individual character of the features (a sharp chin on the
 pixie, a few faint scars on the lion).
 They were too stunning, to the point where it took me a second look to
 notice that each had dark circles under their eyes, as though they were
 all 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 tired.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The pixie got up and moved like a gymnast towards the trash can, where she
 discarded an unopened soda and an equally unmolested apple.
 None of the five were eating, now that it occurred to me to look.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The conversation among my table-mates about the weather lulled, and I took
 the opportunity to ask, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Who are 
\emph on
they?
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jessica looked where I was looking, and then the youngest-looking boy made
 eye contact with her for just a moment -- then, his black eyes flicked
 over to me, and then they went back to staring at nothing in particular.
 Jessica giggled, embarrassed, and told me, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That's Edward and Emmett Cullen, and Rosalie and Jasper Hale.
 The one who left was Alice Cullen; they all live together with Dr.
 Cullen and his wife.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The younger boy was disintegrating a bagel as she said this, picking it
 to bits; I didn't see any of it making its way to his mouth.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Which ones did you say were the Cullens?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I asked, tempted to make a remark about the 
\emph on
pretty!
\emph default
 but restrained by the impression that it would be rude.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

They don't look related,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said instead.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Oh, they're not,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Jessica informed me.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Dr.
 Cullen is really young, in his twenties or early thirties.
 They're all adopted.
 The Hales 
\emph on
are
\emph default
 brother and sister, twins -- the blondes -- and they're foster children.
 And they're all 
\emph on
together
\emph default
 -- Emmett and Rosalie, and Jasper and Alice, I mean.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Foster children? How old are they?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Jasper and Rosalie are both eighteen,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Jessica, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

but they've been with Mrs.
 Cullen since they were eight.
 She's their aunt or something like that.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That's nice of Dr.
 and Mrs.
 Cullen to take all of them in like that,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I observed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I guess so,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Jessica, but she sounded disapproving, like she didn't care for the
 doctor or his wife.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I think that Mrs.
 Cullen can't have any kids, though,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she went on.
 I noted -- mentally only -- that Jessica was not, until further evidence
 accumulated, the person to trust with any personal information I might
 want to confide.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I kept stealing glances at the lovely family; it was hard not to, even when
 all they did was stare at the walls, mutilate food without eating it, and
 sit.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Have they always lived in Forks?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I asked, expecting the answer to be yes simply because everyone in Forks
 had always lived in Forks -- but these people, if I had noticed them, I
 would have remembered, and it was such a 
\emph on
small
\emph default
 town\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

No,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said Jessica, sounding like she expected the Cullens and Hales to seem
 un-Forks-like even to a newcomer.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

They just moved down two years ago from somewhere in Alaska.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In a city, two years' residency didn't mean 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

newcomer
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 anymore, but in Forks, it did -- so that meant I wasn't the only one.
 That was comforting, in a way; I'd found the attention useful, but I had
 no reason to expect anyone else new to move to Forks until I graduated
 from high school, and it would be convenient not to have to bear 
\emph on
all
\emph default
 of the scrutiny allotted to Forks's novelty.
 And it was unsettling, in another way, because they were sitting with each
 other and no one else, and Jessica seemed a fairly typical student and
 didn't care for the family.
 That didn't bode well for my eventual integration, although I seemed to
 have gotten a good reception so far.
 Perhaps it was the Cullens' and Hales' own choice to set themselves apart
 and that was all I was seeing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked back at their table one more time, and the younger boy looked at
 me again.
 He was so beautiful it was 
\emph on
distracting
\emph default
, but as far as I could tell despite that, he looked\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 expectant? Frustrated,
 maybe? Something he'd wanted or thought likely wasn't happening.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Which one,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I asked Jessica, pulling my eyes away from him and making polite eye contact
 with her, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

is the boy with the reddish brown hair?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That's Edward,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 she labeled him (and now I had identifications for all five: Emmett the
 bear, Jasper the lion, Rosalie the Aphrodite, Alice the pixie, and Edward,
 the one who expected something to happen with or to or near me that wasn't).
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

He's gorgeous, of course,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Jessica went on, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

but don't waste your time.
 He doesn't date.
 Apparently none of the girls here are good-looking enough for him.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 She made a sniffing noise, and I had a mental image of her flinging herself
 at him only to receive some genteel but firm rejection.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The image was amusing on one level, but sad, and so I chewed on my lip to
 avoid smiling.
 Then I looked at Edward again; my eyes just drifted there naturally, as
 though he were a bright red object on a background of gray or the only
 moving item in a still visual field.
 If I hadn't been right in the middle of talking to Jessica, I would have
 pulled out my notebook and written on my to-hack list, 
\emph on
Learn to quit staring at pretty people
\emph default
.
 He wasn't looking my way anymore, though.
 A few minutes later the four of them remaining at the table since pixie-Alice's
 departure got up and left.
 Even Emmett-the-bear was coordinated and precise when he moved; watching
 the group walk together was eerie.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I risked lateness to my next class, Biology II, in order to linger with
 Jessica and her friends, hear their names a few more times, and -- it turned
 out -- get an escort to the correct building from Angela, who kindly reminded
 me what she was called en route after discovering that I was bound for
 the same class as she.
 The class was held in a room dominated by two-person black-topped lab tables
 like those in science rooms everywhere.
 Unluckily for me, Angela already had a lab partner.
 There was one unassigned student in the room, though, towards whom the
 teacher obligingly brought me.
 Sitting next to the empty chair that was to be my home in Biology for the
 rest of the school year was Edward Cullen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I walked towards the empty chair.
 This was going to be 
\emph on
awkward
\emph default
 until I cured my tendency to stare at him every fifteen seconds.
 I hoped that the class would be on something new and unfamiliar that would
 be easy to attend to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As I approached, he looked at me.
 Not an expectant, puzzled look like in the cafeteria.
 He looked 
\emph on
enraged
\emph default
, and he looked it 
\emph on
at me
\emph default
.
 I automatically flinched away from the threatening gaze and promptly tripped
 over a book in the aisle.
 Barely catching myself on my new lab table, I regained my footing, and
 gingerly sat in my chair.
 I was scared out of my wits -- enraged people were 
\emph on
dangerous
\emph default
, might hurt me, I didn't have even a 
\emph on
clue
\emph default
 what provoked him or how to stop doing it and calm him down so he wouldn't
 snap and do me harm.
 There were eighteen students in the class besides us, plus the teacher
 -- 
\emph on
surely
\emph default
 if Jessica hadn't thought to mention any rumors of violent scandal, he
 was at least controlled enough to avoid exploding in front of numerous
 witnesses.
 Until I figured out what was wrong with him, I just needed to stick to
 groups when he was around, that was all.
 I tried to control my trembling as I resettled myself in my seat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The class was on cellular anatomy.
 I'd covered it already, and the teacher's presentation style wasn't enthralling
 enough to hold my attention with a terrifying distraction just to my left.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward hadn't looked at me like that in the cafeteria, and no one else was
 reacting to me the same way.
 I hadn't spoken a word to him -- could he be offended that I hadn't introduced
 myself? Was there some cue to do so that I'd missed? Did I smell weird?
 I tilted my head to bring a lock of hair near my nose; it smelled like
 my shampoo, sort of fruity, quite clean.
 Was he allergic to fake strawberry scent?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I peeked, hoping for more clues.
 He was holding himself absolutely rigid -- if he was breathing, I couldn't
 tell -- and up close, without his older brothers next to him, he didn't
 look so young and slight at all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He glared at me again, his black eyes full of unadulterated hate.
 I scooted my chair an inch away.
 If he could have disintegrated me into my constituent atoms with a stare
 he'd have done it.
 I made up my mind to try to change classes -- or at 
\emph on
least
\emph default
 lab partners.
 I looked at the girl who shared Angela's table and wondered if she'd take
 a bribe to accept Edward Cullen as her new neighbor.
 Or were the partners assigned? Would I need to convince the teacher? Should
 I offer to clean glassware
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The bell rang and I almost jumped out of my skin.
 I wanted to run home with a notebook and write the fear and confusion away
 and make the back of my neck stop crawling.
 Edward got to his feet, facing away from me -- he was 
\emph on
tall
\emph default
 -- and was first out of the room.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I stayed put for a moment.
 I wanted to collect myself, and I wanted to give him a good head start
 to whatever not-near-me place he was headed for.
 I inhaled deeply, held my breath for a moment, and then let it out.
 I tried to call up my mood zapping routine, but I didn't have enough informatio
n to really believe that I 
\emph on
oughtn't
\emph default
 be afraid.
 There was probably no genuine danger, but there 
\emph on
could
\emph default
 be, and part of my brain wanted to keep the fear in case it was importantly
 motivating later in a high-speed chase across campus.
 Spooked I would remain until, one way or another, the hazard was moot.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Aren't you Isabella Swan?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 asked a boy's voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked up.
 The speaker was marvelously nonthreatening, at least as far as I could
 tell (
\emph on
swell
\emph default
, I thought, 
\emph on
am I going to suspect all my classmates are axe murderers now? This boy
 is no more or less likely to attack me than he would have been if I'd met
 him in Government this morning, and then I felt quite safe and I was right
 to feel that way, so I 
\emph default
should
\emph on
 feel safe about him now
\emph default
.
 My emotions grudgingly obeyed this logic.) The speaker was a 
\emph on
marvelously
\emph default
 
\emph on
nonthreatening
\emph default
, cute, blond boy, his hair coated in product and coaxed into rows of little
 spikes.
 He was smiling at me, friendly, not infuriated or filled with loathing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Yes,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said for the tenth time that day, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

but I prefer Bella.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I smiled back at him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I'm Mike,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Hi, Mike.
 It's nice to meet you.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Do you need help finding your next class?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he asked eagerly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

It's gym,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said, nodding and getting to my feet with a little help from the lab
 table.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That's my next class too!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 He seemed thrilled about it, easily made happy by the small coincidence.
 I tried to soak his glee up and cheer myself.
 Mike talked all the way to the gym building, which was easy on me.
 Apparently he'd lived in California until he was ten and considered this
 a reason to commiserate with me about sunshine's local scarcity.
 He had noticed me in English too, but hadn't had a chance to introduce
 himself because Eric had beaten him to it.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My relaxed role of listening to Mike's pleasantries came to an abrupt end
 as we entered gym class and he said, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

So, did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or what? I've never seen him
 act like that.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I have absolutely no idea what might have happened to provoke him,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I said at once, trying to sound categorical but not like I'd been coached
 by a lawyer.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I never spoke to him.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

He's a weird guy,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Mike told me, hanging back instead of veering off to the boys' locker room.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

If I were lucky enough to sit by you, I would have talked to you.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The sentiment about conversation was nice\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 the word 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

lucky
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 set off a little alarm bell.
 It wouldn't do to be entangled in a more than friendly way 
\emph on
immediately
\emph default
 after moving to Forks.
 I smiled at Mike and walked into the girls' locker room.
 The gym teacher found me a uniform, but didn't make me participate in the
 day's activity, which was volleyball -- a good thing, as I bruised very
 easily and didn't want to walk around all week with black and blue forearms.
 Or, almost as likely with my brand of grace, veer into one of the posts
 holding up the net and wind up sprawled on the floor bleeding.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After gym was over, I was done for the day.
 I made sure I'd gotten all of my little paper slips signed by the relevant
 teachers, and then headed for the front office to turn them in.
 It was cold outside, and I rushed into the colorful little building.
 The door had shut behind me before I realized that in addition to the secretary
 I'd met that morning, the office also contained Edward Cullen.
 My luck was such that he didn't notice, or ignored, my entrance; I moved
 near the wall, waiting for him to finish his business and free up the reception
ist.
 They appeared to be arguing.
 A few sentences later, I realized he was trying to get her to move him
 out of our biology class to some other class, any other class.
 He had an oddly smooth voice -- I wondered if he always talked like that
 or if he was just trying to convince the secretary by turning up the charm.
 I wondered, crazily, if he sang.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Between the timing and Mike's evaluation of Edward's hostile behavior, it
 seemed impossible that the attempt at transfer didn't have 
\emph on
something
\emph default
 to do with me.
 But then -- what did I want? I wanted 
\emph on
never
\emph default
 to be looked at that way again.
 Good riddance if he wanted another class, good luck to him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The door opened again, letting a waft of frigid air into the office.
 A girl ducked inside, dropped a note into a wire basket on the counter,
 and slipped out again.
 And as the door shut behind her, Edward turned around slowly and 
\emph on
stared
\emph default
 at me with hateful eyes.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Never mind,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 he said curtly to the receptionist.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I can see that it's impossible.
 Thank you so much for your help.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 And then he disappeared out into the cold.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

How did your first day go, dear?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 the receptionist asked kindly.
 She hadn't seen Edward's expression and apparently couldn't tell I was
 shaking in my boots.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I considered lying, considered telling the whole truth, and finally said,
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I met a lot of nice people.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I stalled in the office after I'd turned in my paperwork on the pretense
 of re-lacing my boots.
 If Edward wanted so badly to avoid me I wasn't going to give him any trouble.
 By the time I arrived at my truck, the parking lot was almost deserted.
 I drove home, resentful and confused.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By the time I got done with it, my notebook was going to regret the day
 its component trees had sprouted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
\bar under
Good Things
\emph default
\bar default
, read my notebook.
 
\emph on
Eric, Jessica, Angela, Jessica's other friends, and Mike are all friendly.
 Classwork looks easy (poss.
 exception trig (work with Jessica? (is she any good at math?)), def.
 exception gym (break a toe or something? look up attendance rules (cut
 as many of the worst days as possible) check up on provisions for alternate
 requirement fulfillment (is this one of those schools where you can just
 write an essay on the history of soccer??))).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
\bar under
Things To Fix
\emph default
\bar default
, said the next section.
 
\emph on
\bar under
What is Edward's 
\noun on
deal
\bar default
\noun default
? See Exceptions re: classwork above.
 Jessica poss.
 untrustworthy w/ personal info.
 Mike 
\emph default
too
\emph on
 friendly too soon.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked at the first Thing To Fix.
 I looked at it some more.
 I had no idea.
 My brain generated hypotheses, but none of them were plausible enough to
 be worth having thought of, let alone following up on.
 Edward was 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 an experimental robot programmed to make scary faces at girls from Phoenix
 when they got within ten feet of him.
 Edward was 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 a rabid anarchist who thought police officers and their families all deserved
 to die.
 Edward did 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 believe that he could stare holes through my skull and thereby learn more
 about the brain and earn higher marks in Biology.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That didn't tell me what his deal 
\emph on
was
\emph default
, but I decided that I didn't have a way to make progress on that question
 at the moment.
 And he hadn't gotten out of the biology class, either.
 I drew a little arrow towards 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\emph on
What is Edward's 
\noun on
deal
\noun default
?
\emph default
,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and at the other end of the arrow I wrote 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Discuss issue with bio teacher, request lab partner change.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 If Edward had found every other science section full, I'd surely find the
 same thing, but that didn't mean I had to sit 
\emph on
right
\emph default
 next to him.
 And if 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

he looked at me scarily
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 wasn't moving to the teacher, I could say instead that I was new, didn't
 know all the class procedures, and would rather have a lab partner who
 was more willing to spend time bringing me up to speed on things like lab
 report formatting.
 So I wouldn't have to bother the teacher with too many questions, of course.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I moved on.
 
\emph on
Talk to Jessica about trig
\emph default
, I wrote.
 
\emph on
Talk to gym coach 
\strikeout on
about how I probably have an inner ear problem and that's so a medical excuse
\emph default
\strikeout default

\begin_inset space \quad{}
\end_inset


\emph on
\strikeout on
and make vague insinuations about lawsuits or something if I crack my head
 open
\strikeout default
 
\emph default

\begin_inset space \quad{}
\end_inset


\emph on
\strikeout on
and 
\noun on
beg
\strikeout default
\noun default
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

forget
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 my uniform a lot, and find some non-sports chore the coach is responsible
 for and offer to help with that to make up for it.
 Maybe cleaning gym equipment or doing paperwork or something? Or come up
 with less risky alternatives?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Don't write thoughts in notebooks around Jessica unless plausibly taking
 class notes.
 Talk to her only about non-private things.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And Mike\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 That was a stumper.
 There wasn't anything obviously the matter with Mike; I couldn't very well
 tell him 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

you're not my type because you're too cute and don't make me fear for my
 life
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 My reasons for preferring to dissuade him were entirely about myself.
 I hadn't yet begun to scratch the surface of what I wanted out of dating
 or romance or anything in that department.
 And it seemed like a uniquely hazardous thing to uninformedly test by experimen
t, both for myself and for anyone else involved.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hadn't had to address the problem of how to delay, though, because in
 Phoenix I hadn't 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 anyone like Mike being puppyish in my direction.
 Immediately after moving also seemed like a uniquely bad time to try to
 pair off, when I was still getting acquainted with everything around me
 and my judgment could be off.
 And I didn't know 
\emph on
why
\emph default
 Mike was interested -- actually, I was only guessing that he was in the
 first place, although it seemed like a good guess -- so I didn't have any
 known personality trait that I could tone down for the purpose of making
 him lose interest.
 He hadn't said anything explicitly, though, so I decided it was safe to
 simply wait and see if any good strategies turned up.
 
\emph on
Wait and try not to be encouraging
\emph default
, I wrote.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I did homework -- in other notebooks -- for most of the rest of the afternoon.
 The disadvantage of starting at a new school in January was that I didn't
 get to ramp up slowly.
 I managed to get to bed at a reasonable hour anyway, but although it didn't
 rain that night, it was windy, and I tossed and turned for some time before
 I managed to get to sleep.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
