#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{21}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Linux Libertine Mono O
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Maggie
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When we arrived back in Norway, Gianna's egg-harvesting surgery had been
 and gone; hers were in the freezer next to mine.
 I went up to one of the computers in the bank of shared ones, rather than
 running to my cottage to boot up my laptop.
 I had another heap of e-mails from my parents and Rachel, and one reply
 from Angela saying she'd relayed my news to everyone and they all wished
 me well.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel had sent an e-mail that was very depressing.
 Emily and Leah had gotten into a fight.
 This was all it had taken to push Emily teetering over the edge of the
 fence she'd been sitting regarding Sam.
 She ran straight to his arms, leaving Claire in an eager Quil's care for
 a couple of days.
 (Claire had spent one week home with her parents before being farmed out
 to her Aunt Emily again; this hiatus had made Quil very miserable but didn't
 appear to do him physical harm, and he perked up again when she returned.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Leah was enraged.
 She picked fights with anyone and everyone -- her brother, often, but everyone
 in the pack had gotten into at least one tussle with her except Rachel
 (who could order her to stand down) and Sam.
 Fast healing prevented this from being too much of a danger, but didn't
 make the doubly betrayed Leah more pleasant to be around.
 When Sam went wolf, she de-wolfed.
 At all costs she avoided sharing his thoughts.
 She stayed otherwise isolated from everyone except her mother, who was
 undergoing a loosely comparable distress.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel had nominated Leah to test the pack's range, and Leah had run all
 the way to Canada (but not near Denali, thankfully).
 There was no noticeable delay, static, or loss of fidelity to the telepathy.
 Moving away wouldn't free her from the torment.
 Even if she scrupulously avoided direct mental contact with Sam, she couldn't
 help but get it secondhand from the others in the pack.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thanked Rachel, asked her to keep me posted, and reminded her to let me
 know if she or the pack needed anything.
 I couldn't think of anything helpful to do about the Leah/Sam/Emily mess
 except to feel vaguely guilty.
 At least with the evidence stacking up that only male wolves could imprint,
 Becky's marriage was safe -- unless the other accumulated stresses of activatio
n and the move and her husband's departure from his career fractured it
 themselves.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wrote my obligatory replies to my parents, but had no new European countries
 to tell them about; I told them we were in Norway and in the process of
 deciding where to go next.
 I confirmed for Charlie that I didn't plan to go back to Forks -- or for
 that matter the United States -- and attend high school in the new school
 year.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Inbox unburied, I scanned my mental list of projects.
 I figured it was a fine time to start building an immunity to Jasper, to
 see if I could expand my power that way.
 I closed my eyes and tried to shift my thinking.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd been 
\emph on
told
\emph default
 that he operated on a physical level.
 Breathing, pulse rate, maybe hormones.
 But he could work equally well on vampires and humans.
 (He tended to get better 
\emph on
results
\emph default
 from humans, but that was because their emotions were weaker and more malleable
, not because he worked extra-forcefully on them.) Vampires had no pulses.
 Vampires could quit breathing at any time.
 I hadn't found either of these things to be major components in my experience
 of emotions.
 If we had hormones at all, it wasn't clear how they'd work -- with no bloodstre
am to carry them, what would make them work?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
From what I'd been told, Jasper didn't work 
\emph on
overtly
\emph default
 on any of these physical signals, either -- he didn't say to himself “now
 I will calm this target's heart rate” or “more dopamine is called for here”.
 He sensed and manipulated emotions 
\emph on
directly
\emph default
.
 While he thought of it as 
\emph on
functioning
\emph default
 on a physical level, that wasn't how he interacted with his own power.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So it was rather strange that I wouldn't be immune to him to start with.
 It was probably a very borderline thing, and the very unconsciousness of
 what I did was likely working against me.
 Perhaps if I just concentrated...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
My emotions are part of my mind
\emph default
, I thought.
 
\emph on
As much as my conscious thoughts, which Edward cannot hear and Aro cannot
 read.
 As much as my sensory experience, which Jane and Alec cannot alter.
 As much as my status as a person, which Harry cannot detect.
 Considerably 
\emph default
more
\emph on
 than my 
\emph default
electrical systems
\emph on
, which Kate cannot overload.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I repeated this to myself several times, and then the door burst open.
 I opened my eyes, and a horrified Jasper was standing at the threshold.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was looking at me rather like Harry had -- like something about me was
 
\emph on
wrong
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Did it work?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 I asked mildly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, what in the hell did you do?” demanded Jasper.
 Edward appeared behind him and shoved past to stand between us, and this
 was a little alarming, because it seemed to indicate that there might be
 some danger to me 
\emph on
from Jasper
\emph default
, which Edward had heard.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” I said, flicking my gaze between Jasper and Edward, “it didn't make
 
\emph on
sense
\emph default
 that you could detect my emotions, so I just...
 thought about that for a while.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jasper was looking at me like I was some kind of grotesque vampire-shaped
 robot occupying the uncanny valley of personhood.
 “I can't feel 
\emph on
anything
\emph default
 from you anymore,” he almost gagged.
 “It's like you're a hole in the air.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sorry if it makes me hard to be around...” I was looking at Jasper's scars.
 He looked very, very scary when he was mad.
 To have that many scars, a lot of vampires had tried and failed to kill
 him -- the same number that must have died, or nearly, in the attempt.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Turn it off,” Jasper demanded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not sure if I can,” I said honestly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jasper, 
\emph on
calm down
\emph default
,” said Edward in a soft, dangerous voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It was bad enough when it was only you, Edward!” exclaimed Jasper.
 “Don't think I've forgotten how much that infuriated you -- and then Alice
 started losing her -- and now I can't get one 
\emph on
hint
\emph default
 of emotion off her -- we rely on our powers to keep ourselves 
\emph on
safe!
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was tempted to make some snide remark about how my power was doing a great
 job of keeping 
\emph on
me
\emph default
 safe, but I didn't actually feel that way; sure, Jasper couldn't magically
 detect my feelings anymore, but he hadn't been a danger to me before, and
 now he well might be.
 I kept my mouth shut and let Edward handle it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This is 
\emph on
Bella
\emph default
,” Edward reminded Jasper in a level, cool voice, still interposing himself
 between us.
 “She is my 
\emph on
wife
\emph default
, she is 
\emph on
your
\emph default
 sister, you don't need to keep 
\emph on
tabs
\emph default
 on her or be able to manipulate her emotions to defend us.
 She is 
\emph on
one of
\emph default
 us.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's still a newborn,” said Jasper, but he was grasping at straws.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's no ordinary newborn, you 
\emph on
know
\emph default
 that,” said Edward forcefully.
 “Calm.
 Down.
 Now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jasper snarled.
 Where was Alice? Why wasn't she there, reining in her husband? He listened
 to her -- was Rachel about to e-mail again, was I blacking out the entire
 room? I darted my hand out and quit the program; neither Jasper nor Edward
 was facing in a direction that would have let them see my mail, but it
 would have appeared in my peripheral vision.
 Neither reacted noticeably to the action.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sure enough, a tense four seconds later, Alice popped up behind Jasper.
 “Jazz,” she said reproachfully, touching his arm.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He relaxed marginally, but didn't look at her.
 “Turn it off,” he said again, hissing under the words.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know if I can,” I repeated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Try,” insisted Jasper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I braced myself, and shook my head.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Even Alice looked a little surprised at that, although Edward seemed to
 have expected it.
 “Why?” asked Jasper tightly.
 “Bella, I can't even -- it's like you're a 
\emph on
robot
\emph default
 or something, I'm not getting flat affect or something neutral like that,
 there's just 
\emph on
nothing
\emph default
.
 You disappeared.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I understand,” I said, quiet.
 “But I'm trying to 
\emph on
expand
\emph default
 my shield, not diminish it.
 Besides,” I added cautiously, “would you believe me if I tried, and then
 told you I couldn't?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jasper growled at me, and Edward's hands clenched.
 Alice danced from toe to toe, looking nervous.
 “Jazz, honey,” she said, tugging on Jasper's arm.
 “This isn't worth a fight.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He took one long step backwards, then turned away and let Alice lead him
 down the stairs and out of the house.
 Edward didn't relax until a second after I couldn't hear them anymore.
 Then most of the tension drained out of him and he turned towards me, dropping
 down on one knee so he could hug me where I was sitting at the computer.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't realize he'd react like that,” I murmured, winding my arms around
 Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't either,” Edward said.
 “Or I would have warned you when you first mentioned it.
 But I should have guessed.
 He's very sensitive to the climate of emotion around him, and he's never
 found anyone he couldn't get a signal from...
 some people are more or less resistant to the active half of his power,
 and he might have tolerated it better if it were just that, but there's
 no variation save for you with the passive half.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's like Harry,” I said, “but worse -- I don't 
\emph on
live
\emph default
 with Harry.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward stood up and kissed the top of my head.
 “You don't technically live with Jasper, either.
 We have our own house.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded and got to my feet.
 “Do you think he'll get used to it?” I asked, going with Edward out of
 the computer room and downstairs to head to our cottage.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think so,” he soothed.
 “Alice will help.
 She was frightened when you first blanked out of her visions, but she took
 it much better than Jasper is after she confirmed that you were safe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But she can still see me sometimes,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's true,” said Edward, a little troubled.
 “I don't understand why that should be...
 everyone else you block, you block consistently.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hm,” I said.
 If I pretended to speculate, I might give something away about the real
 reason behind Alice's spotty vision.
 I could have tried to add her to my immunities, but she was far too useful
 -- if she could never see me at all, I lost a huge well of information.
 And I really 
\emph on
didn't
\emph default
 know if I could turn my shield, or part of it, off.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward speculated for me.
 “I suppose only some visions you feature in heavily involve your thinking
 and its consequences,” he said.
 “I haven't noticed a pattern like that in what Alice does and doesn't see,
 but then, I can't tell what you're thinking.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I shrugged.
 Then my phone rang.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi, Bella!” said a cheery, Irish-accented voice when I answered the phone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maggie?” I asked, bewildered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's me! I've been trying to call you for a week now!”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I was in a place with lousy reception,” I said.
 The jungle was nothing if not that.
 I'd been able to keep my phone charged via occasional stops in cities with
 publicly available electrical outlets, but that didn't mean anyone had
 been able to actually reach me without leaving a message.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I would have called Carlisle or somebody instead but I figured if you weren't
 answering there was probably some stuff up with your coven,” she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It was just me and Edward who were away; everyone else was home,” I said.
 “But we're all here now.
 What is it you wanted to talk about?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” Maggie said, “I want to visit.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked, and Edward, who could hear both sides of the conversation easily
 enough, did too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You want to visit?” I said.
 I didn't think I'd misheard, but it was a hard convention to break: when
 astonished, confirm astonishing fact.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah!” said Maggie brightly.
 “Just me, not Siobhan and Liam.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Uh, Maggie, we really can't have people going missing near where we live,”
 I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, that's fine,” she said.
 “I ate a badger last week, and I think I've got the hang of it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's not quite that simple,” I said.
 “One badger, when you've been eating humans for more than a century, doesn't
 mean you're a vegetarian overnight.” Truthfully, I thought she was practiced
 enough to cover her hunting even if she went back to eating humans.
 But Gianna was still living with the family.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, I won't hunt any humans in 
\emph on
your territory
\emph default
, anyway,” said Maggie.
 “That's just obvious.
 I can go to Sweden or something when I'm hungry if I decide animals aren't
 for me.
 Which I guess they might not be, I mean, badger blood, ick, but it wasn't
 
\emph on
that
\emph default
 bad and it definitely wasn't my mate, right?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” I said dubiously.
 “Um, well, I can't really 
\emph on
stop
\emph default
 you from visiting, but...
 uh...
 Maggie, I have a...
 a pet human.” I didn't know how else to summarize the situation believably
 to someone who thought of humans the way Maggie appeared to.
 “You can't eat her.
 I don't know if I can trust you around her.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You have a 
\emph on
pet human?
\emph default
” asked Maggie, squealing over this quaintness the way I'd expect Renée
 to exclaim about someone having a sugar glider or a domesticated fox.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's not really a 
\emph on
pet
\emph default
, but she lives here and Aro basically gave her to me and I'm not allowed
 to let her go, and...
 it's a really long story,” I said.
 “But she is 
\emph on
absolutely not for eating
\emph default
, and I don't know whether I can expect you to 
\emph on
absolutely not eat her
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I will 
\emph on
absolutely not eat her
\emph default
,” swore Maggie.
 “Up till the badger I was doing really well at the only eating men thing,
 too! It's like, women don't even look like food anymore, you know what
 I mean?” She sounded so pleased with herself.
 “It's two whole layers of not eating your human.
 So I'm not going to hurt your pet, Bella, it's okay!”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All right,” I said, shrugging.
 I'd give Ilario a heads up, but he practically supervised Gianna all the
 time anyway; he wouldn't be significantly inconvenienced by serving as
 her bodyguard.
 “I'll let the others know that you're planning to visit, then.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“See you soon, Bella!” said Maggie.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hung up the phone.
 “That,” I said, “is going to be interesting.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario was on high alert the moment I told him Maggie was coming.
 He bristled when I said that I'd described Gianna as my “pet human
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, although Gianna herself didn't seem that bothered -- it was a step up
 from the Volturi, at any rate.
 But Ilario said he'd keep a close eye on Gianna and make sure Maggie didn't
 try to eat her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If,” I said, “something does happen -- I don't think it will, Ilario, but
 
\emph on
if
\emph default
 -- you have 
\emph on
got
\emph default
 to hold your breath.
 I got a whiff of human blood in the Amazon and it was...
 I wasn't ready for it.
 You're not ready for it now.
 Fight Maggie off of Gianna if you have to until someone comes to help,
 but 
\emph on
don't breathe
\emph default
.” He accepted this instruction solemnly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward found Jasper and Alice for me and told them, giving the empath some
 more time away from my unsettlingly non-emotional presence.
 I informed Carlisle, Esme, Rosalie, and Emmett.
 Carlisle seemed impressed that I'd gotten a non-vegetarian to go so far
 as to try eating an animal, although I wasn't sure how much of it was my
 own doing and how much of it was Maggie's native curiosity.
 Emmett was disappointed that Maggie was coming alone, as she wasn't as
 interesting a partner for sparring as Siobhan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie arrived on a Tuesday, having swum most of the way and climbed up
 the nearest fjord.
 Her curls were still wet when she found our house.
 Rosalie was up on the roof and the first to see her coming, but everyone
 knew by the time she entered the yard, and I was waiting to greet her;
 Ilario was with Gianna, indoors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi, Bella!” said Maggie with a great big smile.
 Her eyes were a bright gold, as expected if she hadn't eaten any humans
 since her badger.
 She'd probably eaten an animal more recently, though, as the gold was quite
 light and not darkened with hunger -- so it was possible it had gone badger,
 human, some other animal.
 There was no way for me to be sure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hi, Maggie,” I replied.
 “Uh, welcome to our home.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This is a big house,” she remarked.
 “I guess there are a whole lot of you.
 Does your pet live here or do you put her someplace else?” She peered around
 with more physical movement than was really necessary, turning her head
 to look at things that she could have seen peripherally and standing on
 her toes for negligible improvements in vantage point.
 It made her look excitable, maybe a few years younger than she physically
 was.
 (When she held still and I corrected for vampirism, I guessed she'd been
 twenty-five when turned.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She lives in this house,” I said.
 “Edward and I actually have our own cottage, that way.” I waved in the relevant
 direction.
 “Everybody else is based here, including Gianna.
 That's her name.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Gi-an-na,” said Maggie, tasting the word.
 “Pretty.
 I want to hear your long story about how you got a pet human! It's so weird,
 I've never heard of anybody keeping one before.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was beginning to regret that description very much.
 “She's really not a 
\emph on
pet
\emph default
,” I said.
 “It's just that I'll be in trouble with the Volturi if she goes off by
 herself, so she lives here for now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I want the story anyway,” said Maggie implacably.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I told it to her, although I skimped on the exact reasoning behind why I'd
 chosen to designate Gianna as a surrogate mother; better to let that sound
 to outside parties like a deeply held desire instead of a way to save Gianna's
 life.
 I'd cozied up to the idea of having a baby over time, but when I'd first
 said it, it hadn't been my favorite plan ever -- but Maggie didn't have
 to know that.
 Even if I wasn't immune to her power, she couldn't detect lies by omission.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Irish vampire was absolutely tickled by the entire thing.
 “So cute!” she cried when I'd signaled the conclusion of the explanation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided it was wise to check whether Maggie could tell when I was lying,
 with something that no one, even my family, would be able to call me on.
 “She mostly looked scared, not cute, when I told her I was bringing her
 home,” I said.
 “But once I got her calmed down it took her just twenty minutes to get
 packed.” It had been eighteen, but Gianna hadn't timed it and wouldn't remember
 that precisely if she had.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie didn't so much as twitch.
 “That's a long time,” she pointed out.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“For a human it's not.
 I think she left some things behind, she was in such a hurry to get out.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The Volturi must sure have scared her,” cooed Maggie.
 Like she was talking about a kitten, who could be soothed with petting.
 Although I supposed a kitten wouldn't find a vampire's petting to be soothing
 at all; animals hated being around vampires.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yep,” I said.
 “That'll happen when people you can't effectively oppose plot your death.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I want to meet her,” said Maggie decisively.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not sure that's a good idea...” I began.
 I hadn't explained about Ilario's fraternal status; as far as Maggie knew
 our coven consisted of four mated pairs, one miscellaneous newborn of unknown
 provenance, and one pet Gianna.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I told you I wasn't going to eat her!” interrupted Maggie, and I gritted
 my teeth.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't,” I said, “interrupt me.
 That's a good way to seriously annoy me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” said Maggie, eyes open very wide.
 “I'm sorry.
 But I'm not going to eat her, really.
 Why else would it be a bad idea?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Because Ilario -- that's the newborn -- probably wouldn't like it.
 He's very protective of her,” I said.
 “And he knows you are not a lifelong vegetarian.
 He barely trusts himself around her, and he's never eaten a human since
 turning back in July.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are they mates, or whatever it is when one's a human?” asked Maggie.
 “Like you and Edward before you turned?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, he's her brother,” I said.
 “He was dying, and she wanted him saved, so we brought him up here and
 turned him.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Awwww,” said Maggie, obviously finding this outrageously adorable.
 “But she's yours.
 Aro gave her to you, not him.
 So I can meet her if you say so, right?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I dragged a hand through my hair tiredly.
 “She's not 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 my 
\emph on
pet
\emph default
,” I said.
 “I don't boss her around or anything.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Then her brother shouldn't either,” said Maggie reasonably.
 “Why don't you ask 
\emph on
her
\emph default
 if she'll meet me?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This...
 I had no ready objection to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I heard Alice inside, asking Gianna if she wanted to be introduced to Maggie;
 of course my conversation had been audible to everyone except Gianna herself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I heard Gianna dithering, and Maggie -- fidgeting, swaying, head-turning
 Maggie -- went completely still.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna finally said, “All right, then,” and Ilario grumbled and Maggie smiled
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My pet human, closely followed by her brother, walked out the back door
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And Maggie just stared.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna rapidly became self-conscious under Maggie's fixed attention, and
 blushed, taking a little half step to get behind Ilario.
 Ilario stared Maggie down, growling in the back of his throat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie's gaze flicked to Ilario and became a perturbed glare.
 She leaned to try to see Gianna around him, but he got in her way, and
 she made a whining noise.
 Then Maggie whirled to face me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll fight you for her,” she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a second's silence as everyone processed that.
 More family exited the house to get a closer look at the proceedings.
 “Um,” I said eloquently.
 Ilario hissed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Or you could just give her to me if you don't want to fight,” wheedled
 Maggie.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not wanting to fight is...
 only part of the problem with me giving her to you,” I said.
 Maggie didn't appear to fill in the blanks herself, so I explained.
 “I know I used the word `pet’ when I first told you about her, but I really
 shouldn't have, it was just a shorthand for the long story I 
\emph on
just
\emph default
 told you about why she lives with us.
 Which story, you'll remember, includes the part where I am not 
\emph on
allowed
\emph default
 to let her leave.
 Conveniently, she hasn't been inclined to try, but both I 
\emph on
and she
\emph default
 could be in a bad place with the Volturi if they show up and find that
 I'm not at least sort of supervising her.
 Even if she actually belonged to me, and I was comfortable doing whatever
 I wanted with that, there's Ilario.” I pointed him out.
 “He's kind of attached to her.
 I don't think he likes the idea of you taking possession of his sister
 much.
 He probably wouldn't stop Gianna if 
\emph on
she
\emph default
 tried to leave -- I'd need to do that myself -- but unless she says otherwise
 he's acting as her protector.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario hissed at Maggie again, confirming this guess.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But I want her,” said Maggie, as though nothing I'd said had sunk in at
 all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The entire population of the house was scattered around the lawn at this
 point, watching things unfold.
 Edward turned to Alice.
 “Was I this ridiculous?” he asked her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You were worse,” said Alice placidly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huh?” said Maggie, looking their way.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice just smiled, the picture of innocence; Edward strolled around Ilario
 and Gianna to stand next to me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna peeped around Ilario's arm to look at Maggie; predictably, this meant
 that Maggie could see her too, and they held eye contact for a few seconds.
 Gianna was mostly confused, green eyes blinking more rapidly than usual;
 a flush gradually returned to her cheeks.
 Maggie's hands crept up towards her own face, where they clasped under
 her chin to accompany an expression that was half enraptured longing and
 half...
 anxiety of some kind, maybe just unfamiliarity with the situation.
 Or she was confused 
\emph on
about
\emph default
 wanting me to give her Gianna, however certain she was on the fact of the
 matter.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't understand,” said Gianna softly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're so 
\emph on
pretty!
\emph default
” exclaimed Maggie, addressing Gianna directly for the first time.
 Gianna's blush got darker, and Maggie started shifting her weight from
 foot to foot, perhaps restraining an urge to rush forward and pick up the
 object of her interest.
 She looked back to me.
 “I'll take good care of her,” she pleaded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario was beginning to look confused himself.
 He turned his head marginally to be able to see Gianna, a dubious expression
 on his face.
 “Refresh my memory,” he said slowly, in Italian, “as to how...
 exactly...
 
\emph on
this
\emph default
 works.
 I 
\emph on
thought
\emph default
 she was trying to get permission to drink your blood, but...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna shrank away from her brother, taking two steps backward.
 Maggie didn't seem to understand Italian, but when she saw Gianna leaving
 the sphere of Ilario's protection, she held out her arms eagerly as though
 expecting Gianna to run straight to her.
 She didn't; instead she backed towards Carlisle and Esme, who were close
 to the house.
 Ilario didn't move a muscle once she started inching away from him, just
 stood there looking stunned.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie dropped her arms.
 “What's going on now?” she asked, sounding lost.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario spun in place and stalked out of the yard, passing me and Edward
 on his way out.
 “Look after my sister,” he said through gritted teeth as he went.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't tell him,” Gianna said frantically.
 Rosalie and Emmett had not-so-gently encouraged Maggie to join them for
 a walk, and Alice and Jasper were looking for Ilario to calm him down,
 while the rest of us talked to the resident human inside.
 “It -- it honestly didn't seem to matter, I wasn't seeing anyone and wasn't
 looking, I didn't want to make some kind of huge civil rights issue out
 of my relationship with my 
\emph on
brother
\emph default
 if I didn't have to -- so -- he didn't know.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He was surprised,” acknowledged Edward.
 “I think he'll get over it...
 but this wasn't the best way for him to find out.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's not even as though I had a secret girlfriend all along and he caught
 us together!” cried Gianna.
 “I'd never seen Maggie once before today!”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think Maggie meant to hurt you, sweetheart,” soothed Esme.
 “She didn't know.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That said,” I put in, “we need to figure out what to do about her.
 And Gianna, that's mostly up to you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But I don't know,” said Gianna.
 “I don't know hardly anything about her -- she just showed up -- I mean,
 she's beautiful, of course she is, she's a vampire, but she also talked
 
\emph on
about
\emph default
 me while I was standing right there like I was the family dog or something.
 And she used to eat people, she might do it again...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She is new to vegetarianism, and for that matter to thinking of humans
 as people,” said Carlisle gently, “but if anything can keep her on course,
 you can, Gianna.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's a hell of a responsibility to put on her,” I said.
 “Gianna, if Maggie kills people, 
\emph on
she
\emph default
 kills people -- not you.
 She ate her first animal without knowing you existed; if she eats her eight
 thousandth human 
\emph on
after
\emph default
 knowing you exist, that doesn't make you any more guilty for that death
 than for the last seven thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine.
 Or however many.” Gianna nodded mutely; Esme patted her on the back with
 an encouraging smile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That said,” I went on, “if you want to be with her, or give it a try, or
 whatever, it still has to be here or at least compatible with me and Edward
 tagging along -- I've had to visit the Volturi without extensive advance
 planning for it twice now.
 If I run into them again unexpectedly during the next ten months, I don't
 want you or me or anybody dying over you moving to Ireland when you're
 supposedly my `gift’ from Aro.
 It was one thing to leave you behind while we went to South America, surrounded
 by people the Volturi know are our coven and at our known address; sending
 you off with Maggie would be something else entirely.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I understand.
 I'm not planning to run away,” Gianna said.
 “I've heard them conducting `trials’ before...
 I don't want to be the defendant.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And I, for one, am going to cast a solid 
\emph on
no
\emph default
 vote on tolerating a non-vegetarian in the family the way the Denalis are
 putting up with Laurent,” I said.
 “This is not as sticky a situation as that: Gianna's a human and not subject
 to the same impulses.
 She won't fly into a rage if something happens to Maggie.
 Right?” I asked, looking to Gianna.
 “If I go outside and find that Maggie's kidnapped some Norwegians and is
 snacking on them and some are still alive and salvageable, it's okay with
 you if I have to attack her to make her quit?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna nodded, although she looked a little queasy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So...
 if Gianna decides to `give it a try’ with Maggie, you propose that we de
 facto add Maggie to the family until she slips up?” asked Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not `slips up’...
 anyone can do that.
 It's awful and we should avoid it.
 But once it actually happens, then it's not necessarily a great predictor
 of future behavior in vampires who've already eaten humans, which Maggie
 has.
 If she 
\emph on
decides
\emph default
 to eat humans again, then that's it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
 “The good news is that Maggie is very trustworthy once pinned down to a
 commitment.
 Her power didn't come out of nowhere -- she has a solid respect for the
 truth and prides herself on honesty and keeping her promises.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's a relief,” I said.
 “But this is all 
\emph on
if
\emph default
 Gianna decides she's up for it.
 You don't have to, Gianna,” I told her.
 “You're free to accept or reject Maggie -- now, or later, or whatever you
 like.
 I'm not entirely sure what will happen after you turn if you don't see
 her once you're a vampire, but at least for now, the ball's in your court
 -- on turning as well, for that matter, although personally I still recommend
 it unless you 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 don't care for Maggie.
 But you don't 
\emph on
have
\emph default
 to.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you, Bella,” said Gianna in a low voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward and I went looking for Maggie.
 She was still with Emmett and Rosalie, who were standing nearby looking
 respectively amused and bored while our visitor sat on the edge of a fjord
 staring dejectedly at the water.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When we approached, Maggie perked up at once and sprang to her feet.
 “What'd she say? Can I talk to her?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She hasn't decided yet,” I said levelly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie actually hopped up and down in frustration.
 “This isn't fair! It's not supposed to be 
\emph on
complicated!
\emph default
 When Siobhan found Liam she didn't have to work hard to convince him to
 leave his old coven and even fight them off, let alone to be with her at
 all! Why'd she have to still be a human? Can't you just turn her and make
 it simple?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not now, I can't,” I said.
 “She can't carry a baby if she's a vampire, which I already 
\emph on
told you
\emph default
 she has to do if Aro's going to be kept from dealing some extra death.
 Anyway, that's her own choice too, if she wants to turn.
 She's liked the idea in the past, but if she decides she doesn't care for
 
\emph on
you
\emph default
, then she might decide against it specifically for that reason.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie threaded her fingers between her brightly orange ringlets and moaned.
 “But she's supposed to be mine! Why shouldn't she want me? Aren't I nice?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's been my impression, but Gianna's entitled to her own.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett and Rosalie were moving off now that Edward and I were there to chaperone.
 Maggie flopped onto her back, as though about to make an angel impression
 in the rock.
 (I decided to see later if that was something I could do practically or
 if it would be inefficient.) “I don't know what to do!” she wailed.
 “I can't just 
\emph on
not have her
\emph default
, that's not okay at all.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You might want to ask Alice for help,” I suggested.
 “Edward needed instructions on how to approach me, and that worked out.
 But even if she gives you guidelines and you follow them all perfectly,
 I can't 
\emph on
guarantee
\emph default
 you that Gianna will be interested.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, where's Alice, then?” asked Maggie gamely.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Back at the house, now,” said Edward.
 “She left Jasper and Ilario to talk by themselves.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie ran towards the house, but Edward got in her way.
 “Gianna hasn't made up her mind yet,” he said.
 “I wouldn't advise you to show up where she is until that's changed.
 Alice is on her way here.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie pouted, but stomped her way back to the edge of the fjord to wait
 for Alice.
 The little spiky-haired vampire arrived a few seconds later, and said,
 “So, I don't believe we've been properly introduced! I'm Alice, and it's
 nice to meet you, Maggie.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Nice to meet you too,” said Maggie.
 “What do I have to do?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“First of all,” said Alice, “don't eat anybody.
 Gianna is quite forgiving, but that 
\emph on
also
\emph default
 means she'll forgive Bella if you eat someone and Bella kills you, and
 then where would you be?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Dead, presumably,” said Maggie, flicking her eyes in my direction.
 I actually doubted I could beat Maggie in a one-on-one fight to the death,
 since she was a lot older and more experienced than I was and that could
 overwhelm the advantage of newborn strength, but of course I wouldn't be
 alone if it came to that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right, and then that wouldn't be at all conducive to you and Gianna living
 happily ever after,” said Alice reasonably.
 “So don't eat anybody.
 And you really need to work on the thing where you talk about or to Gianna
 like she's not a person.
 You've got way more leeway than Edward had when he was trying to court
 Bella, but it's not infinite.
 Don't act or talk like Bella owns Gianna.
 Don't act like the only obstacles to you carrying Gianna over the horizon
 to have your way with her are Bella or Ilario or any of the rest of us
 -- what Gianna wants has to matter to you too.
 Get on Ilario's good side if you can or at least make a sincere effort.
 Gianna cares what he thinks, and he's only going to stay unsettled by the
 revelation he got today for a few more hours, tops.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie hadn't been present for Gianna's explanation of how her brother had
 reacted, so I had to explain that when the redheaded vampire protested
 confusion.
 Then Alice picked up again with more tips.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You will have to be 
\emph on
very careful
\emph default
 with her upon being actually allowed to touch her,” Alice said.
 “You haven't had to handle any creature with a heartbeat intending to let
 it live before, at least since you turned.
 But you know they're very easy to hurt.
 Problem is, it actually matters -- to you, even -- if you hurt Gianna.
 She's fragile.
 Don't break her.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course I'd be careful!” cried Maggie.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“In more than half the futures where she decides to give you a chance, she
 winds up with a broken bone or worse inside a week,” said Alice flatly.
 “In ninety percent of futures where you injure her enough that she bleeds,
 you kill her.” Maggie's jaw dropped.
 “This isn't a simple matter, Maggie,” Alice continued relentlessly.
 “You can never 
\emph on
stop
\emph default
 being careful.
 You have to always, 
\emph on
always
\emph default
 pay very close attention and exercise very careful control.
 
\emph on
One
\emph default
 slip is enough to damage her.
 Two in close succession is enough to kill her 
\emph on
at your own hands
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie whined.
 “I don't want to hurt her,” she whispered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Then you have to be careful, constantly, without exception,” said Alice.
 “If you want to pet her hair, you have to make sure you don't crush her
 skull.
 If you want to hold her hand, you have to make sure you don't shatter her
 knuckles.
 Et cetera.
 Even if you don't get to the point of injury, you can cause her pain 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 easily, so it's not like handling a flower or a piece of paper or something
 that will be fine as long as you don't cause any visible damage.
 You cannot, in a burst of affection, hug her as tight as you possibly can.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie hung her head.
 “I understand.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Future's solidifying a bit in favor of her being okay,” said Alice.
 “Not all the way, though.
 It should go without saying that if you seriously hurt Gianna, Ilario will
 do his best to kill you and he will have help.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, and he should, if I hurt her!” exclaimed Maggie.
 “I won't I won't I won't I 
\emph on
won't
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's better,” said Alice, and Maggie brightened a little.
 “I think that's enough 
\emph on
don'ts
\emph default
.
 She's going to like it when you sing,” Alice supplied with a smug little
 grin.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie beamed.
 “I can sing.
 I can sing all the time if she wants.
 I know enough songs to fill up a whole year without repeating myself.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And I foresee cuteness if you let her teach you Italian,” Alice said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie nodded eagerly, waiting for more, but that was apparently it for
 common threads among Alice's happy visions; the tiny psychic shrugged.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You can't leave with her,” I told Maggie.
 “If Gianna says she wants you around, Esme's the person to ask about rooming
 arrangements.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie looked desperately at Alice.
 “What's she going to 
\emph on
say?
\emph default
” she squeaked.
 “I didn't know any of this before, I just looked at her and -- and my brain
 was full of exclamation points.
 I didn't even know what was going on, let alone what to do about it.
 I don't think I made a very good first impression.
 Is she going to want me to go away forever? I don't know if I 
\emph on
can!
\emph default
” She wrung her hands.
 “What if she says I have to go away and I can't even do that and then Ilario
 kills me and then later she's a vampire and it turns out that she can't
 ever love anybody but me? Then she'd be alone forever and she'd be sad!”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And you'd be dead,” I added helpfully.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That too!” said Maggie.
 “But I don't know how I could just go home to Ireland when she's -- she's
 
\emph on
right there
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward, any tips?” I asked, glancing at my husband.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, it took me longer to realize what I was dealing with than it's taken
 Maggie,” he chuckled softly, “and I had a sister to send to intercede with
 you on my behalf.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But if you know anything that could help,” Maggie pleaded.
 “I can't think of anything more important than making this work.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He pursed his lips.
 “When I've had to be away from you,” he said, addressing his statement
 to me but obviously intending that Maggie hear, “what helped me tolerate
 it was knowing that you were all right.
 I...
 didn't do well when I didn't know that.” Alice nodded emphatically; I supposed
 he'd been dramatically out of sorts when I'd been kidnapped.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I could occasionally call you and let you know Gianna's safe, even if she
 wants you gone,” I told Maggie.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That would be...
 better than not...” said Maggie unhappily, apparently reluctant to positively
 label any state of affairs where Gianna wanted her gone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice and Edward both jerked their heads up simultaneously, and Maggie startled
 with a small 
\emph on
eep
\emph default
 noise.
 “She's made up her mind,” announced Alice.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
