#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{6}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Souls
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My soup was tasty.
 The pasta was all right, although the cook took the idea of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

al dente” more seriously than I preferred.
 My estimates about my appetite proved basically accurate, and when I'd
 finished eating and gotten a box for the remaining food, Edward paid the
 bill and we left the restaurant.
 “It's a nice place,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm glad you liked it,” he said heavily -- nervous about having to tell
 me why he didn't care to have me immortal? -- and unlocked his car.
 I got in; he waited for a gap in traffic, then ducked into the driver's
 seat and pulled out.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” he sighed, taking the exit onto the highway and rapidly getting
 up to speed.
 “I'm not expecting you to understand this.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Try me,” I said peevishly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“First,” he said, “can you tell me about your religious leanings?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This didn't make a lot of sense.
 “Why is that relevant?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm asking this first because otherwise I'm not sure how to present my
 position,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think about religion much,” I said.
 “Renée tries out new churches like some people try on shoes.
 She never made a habit of bringing me along.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What do you believe about souls?” asked Edward, and I had an inkling of
 where this was going.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward, if you're going to tell me that I have a soul because I'm a human
 and you don't because you're a vampire, that's a 
\emph on
ridiculous
\emph default
 objection.
 What is it that you think souls 
\emph on
do?
\emph default
 What functionality do you think you 
\emph on
lost
\emph default
 back in 1918? You can clearly think, so if you're right about who's got
 a soul, then souls don't do that.
 You can make the decision to not slaughter everybody around you even when
 they'd be delectable, so if you're right, souls don't handle moral reasoning.
 You've got memories, so your soul wasn't storing those for you until it
 left.
 And it would be remarkably 
\emph on
original
\emph default
 theology if you said that the soul was responsible for making humans breakable
 and slow and weak and mortal, but if that's what souls do, I'm not sure
 why anybody would 
\emph on
want
\emph default
 one.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What about an afterlife?” Edward murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What about it? Suppose there's a God,” I humored him.
 “Suppose there's a God and he likes to stash dead people in afterlives
 appropriate to them when they die.
 Why would a soul be called for? If for some reason one 
\emph on
were
\emph default
 essential, why couldn't you just be issued a new one if something unfortunate
 happened to your first one? This is God we're talking about.
 He isn't going to run out of ectoplasm to make souls out of.
 He's not going to forget who you are because you don't have your soul attached.
 Or maybe that's not what you mean,” I said.
 “Maybe you mean vampires automatically go to hell, when you play with matches
 a little too much -- but think about that, really.
 You didn't hold a flamethrower to Carlisle's head and demand to be changed,
 did you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” Edward murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right, you were delirious with the flu, most of the way to dead.
 Scarcely in a position to be held responsible for anything you did.
 But let's say that you're destined for hell for something you didn't do
 anyway.
 If that's the sort of thing that can get you damned, I'm probably already
 in trouble for having divorced parents, or for having eaten non-kosher
 baby food, or something like that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
You
\emph default
 won't be delirious with the flu,” Edward said darkly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're right.
 I won't.
 But I thought you were talking about a property of vampires in general,
 not just willfully turned ones,” I said.
 “Right? No fiddling around with your theory while we're in the middle of
 a conversation about it, please.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 Right.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Now when Carlisle turned -- let's not use you as an example.
 When Carlisle turned Esme, she had just fallen off a cliff and was dying.
 At that time, she had a soul, right?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward made an awful face.
 “Okay, okay,” he said.
 “Never mind about souls.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sighed.
 “Do you actually no longer believe that turning into a vampire makes an
 important thing called a `soul' evaporate, or do you just not want to think
 about Esme being someone who lacks an important thing called a `soul'?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was silent, and I sighed heavily and closed my eyes again to avoid looking
 at the whoosh of trees to either side of the highway.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward dropped me off at my house.
 “Have a good weekend, Bella,” he said tightly.
 I'd pushed him a little too far -- he'd remained silent throughout the
 rest of the drive back from Port Angeles even when I tried to get him to
 resume telling the story about the shark.
 He drove away with no mention of the possibility that he might come in
 and continue talking to me and no attempt to make more plans.
 I practically flounced into the house and up to my room.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I gave myself a little shake.
 I hadn't screwed anything up permanently.
 I was literally 
\emph on
incapable
\emph default
 of screwing things up permanently with Edward.
 The worst I could do would be to die of old age out of spite.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That didn't mean I should abuse this freedom.
 (In particular, it would be very foolish of me to die if it turned out
 there was no good reason I ought to.) But it did mean that it wasn't very
 productive of me to fret about things I'd already done.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Bringing up Esme had clearly been the sticking point, but he hadn't seemed
 very comfortable before that, either.
 It was probably a touchy subject.
 If I thought souls were important and that I didn't have one I probably
 wouldn't want to talk about them at all, I guessed.
 He'd only felt it relevant because it was part of why he wanted me to stay
 human.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered if the other vampires believed the same thing as Edward, about
 souls.
 I wrote down that I should ask them this.
 I also wrote, while I had my notebook out, that Alice had promised we'd
 have the conversation about her powers 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

later
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Once I'd written this down, I felt strangely\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 blank.
 I'd been looking forward to a nice, empty Saturday to do my thinking with.
 Then my hand had been forced on the decision all that thinking was 
\emph on
for
\emph default
: Alice had shown up and cornered me into agreeing to be friends with Edward.
 (And this was shaking out to mean that I agreed to go out to lunch in a
 cozy Italian restaurant in Port Angeles with Edward on his dime after listening
 breathlessly to his exciting stories for hours on end.
 No wonder Alice had found my concession satisfactory.) All I had left to
 do was ask more questions, not process existing knowledge.
 And I'd gone and done all my homework.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Well, maybe I wasn't completely out of things to mull over.
 I could probably kill at least an hour producing an updated approximation
 of how I felt about Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But I didn't really want to write that sort of thing down until I'd dealt
 with the fact that Alice could see me writing anything I decided to write.
 Would she be able to read things I wrote if I typed them, with a box over
 my keyboard and a blanket over the monitor and my head? My spelling would
 suffer, but not irretrievably.
 She only 
\emph on
saw
\emph default
 things, visually, so that should do it unless her vantage point was so
 flexible that it could be between my face and the screen -- but it called
 for a test.
 A 
\emph on
real
\emph default
 test, where I only had a guess, not an expectation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wrote that down.
 (If Alice saw 
\emph on
that
\emph default
 and had the afternoon free maybe she'd show up and we'd conduct the experiment
 right away.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tried to push the problem around in my head without writing anything.
 It was hard -- I kept not trusting conclusions I'd gotten to and having
 to backtrack and reestablish them.
 My independence from my notebooks, which I'd thought so well-honed when
 I first arrived in Forks, was not solid enough to hold up to serious problems.
 My unaided brain was fine for little things.
 But thinking back, I'd needed three pages to decide to leave Phoenix at
 all.
 I frowned to myself.
 This was a problem.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Wean self from notebooks
\emph default
, I wrote under my to-hack list.
 I crossed off the line about looking at pretty people: I was pretty sure
 they didn't mind.
 And then I spent my afternoon thinking kind thoughts about rain.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Clouds
\emph default
, I thought, 
\emph on
will help me hide when I am a vampire
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I did not see any vampires on Sunday.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I got lonely (Charlie had to work), and so I called and convinced Angela,
 Jessica, and even Lauren to all join me for a movie.
 There were no proper theaters in Forks, so we all piled into Jessica's
 mother's car and drove to Port Angeles.
 The theater we found was still showing the Phantom of the Opera movie,
 which Jessica badgered us all into seeing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lauren complained about the movie selection, citing the “incredible lameness”
 of musicals, but went in with us instead of buying a ticket to something
 else.
 When we walked out, she was swooning over Gerard Butler, talking over Jessica's
 attempt to claim all the credit for the movie's highlights.
 I dismissively told her that he looked like a grown up version of Eric.
 This was a blatant lie (the coloring was right, but nothing about their
 features matched), but it seemed like a convenient way to have her thinking
 about Eric without thinking that I was after him myself.
 I couldn't tell by looking at her if this had worked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We got lunch, wandered around the city, and stopped in a few stores to admire
 articles of clothing, to justify the trip with more than just the one movie.
 Angela bought a sweater and Jessica succumbed to the temptation of a pair
 of heels.
 I considered buying a ruffly red blouse, but eventually skipped it.
 Lauren tried on everything she saw but didn't want to make any purchases.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We ran out of steam at about five p.m.
 and decided to go back to Forks instead of getting an early dinner in Port
 Angeles.
 I made fried fish -- Charlie had our freezer packed from top to bottom
 with fish from his Saturday trip -- and then baked a pan of brownies just
 to have something more to do.
 If I had been a vampire, I wouldn't have needed baked goods to occupy myself.
 If I'd been a vampire, I could have run all the way to Port Angeles, doing
 gymnastics on the way without putting a foot wrong, and bought that blouse
 and run back.
 If I'd been a vampire, I could do all the thinking I wanted to do in my
 
\emph on
head
\emph default
 where it was 
\emph on
safe
\emph default
 with my vampire total recall supplanting my notebooks.
 If I'd been a vampire, I could have just been stuck like Edward, stuck
 
\emph on
with
\emph default
 Edward, and wouldn't have needed to do so much thinking in the first place.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I frowned to myself as I took the brownies out of the oven and immediately
 cut one for myself, letting it cool faster on a plate of its own.
 I shouldn't 
\emph on
not want to think
\emph default
; that seemed bad.
 I caught myself trying to amend the thought and quickly muttered to myself,
 “I don't want to think about whether I want Edward and don't know why”
 too quietly for Charlie to hear and too indistinctly for Alice to be likely
 to be able to read my lips.
 It wasn't as good as writing, but it moved the idea from my vague memory
 of my own thoughts into my slightly more reliable auditory storage.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I ate my brownie slowly and pondered.
 Dealing with Edward did show signs of being the single most momentous decision
 of my life.
 I had thought it was a big deal when I moved out of Arizona for Renée's
 sake, but changing residence didn't hold a candle to changing species and
 acquiring a mate-for-life.
 I was 
\emph on
seventeen
\emph default
.
 Renée talked constantly about how she'd gotten married too young, and she'd
 already been twenty when I was born very soon after the wedding.
 (I was only barely not a honeymoon baby.
 She took great care to emphasize that she did not regret having 
\emph on
me
\emph default
, but I'd found it surprisingly easy to come to terms with the fact that
 if my parents had been smarter, I wouldn't exist.) Renée had drilled into
 my head that marriage was something mature and smart people took seriously,
 something that was not good or sane to rush into, something that she swore
 up and down not to prod me about until I was at least thirty.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward had not presented me with jewelry of any kind, let alone an engagement
 ring, but from what Alice said, my merely being turned would drop me into
 something a good deal 
\emph on
more
\emph default
 serious than a marriage.
 Renée's rash action had only landed her a daughter and the need to spend
 time with a divorce lawyer and, likely, some emotional turmoil.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward was already stuck, but I didn't have to be.
 If I got myself stuck, and it was a bad idea, I could 
\emph on
never
\emph default
 undo it unless I had some quality no other mated vampire known to Edward
 had ever had.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I considered the possibility that he was lying about what he had and had
 not heard of.
 (I had finished my brownie by this point, and was muttering to myself freely
 in the relative privacy of my room.
 As an added layer of precaution, I buried my face in my pillow.) He had
 been prepared to go to some trouble to avoid it in other situations, after
 Alice's advice.
 And it didn't seem like he had any reason to believe that I'd find the
 prospect of an unbreakable commitment 
\emph on
more
\emph default
 enticing than a merely intense and magically propped-up one.
 No motive.
 Probably wasn't a lie, then.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered by what mechanism vampires were stuck.
 Edward had been quite capable of becoming cross with me and ending our
 day together when I said something he didn't like.
 He wasn't physically prevented from leaving my side.
 He wasn't limited exclusively to positive emotions towards me.
 I wondered what he would do if I told him I never wanted to see him again
 and that he should go away.
 I didn't want to test that -- that much I knew -- but it would be useful
 information to have.
 What happened if vampires 
\emph on
tried
\emph default
 to break up?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was going about this the wrong way, I decided.
 The effect was probably more to do with the selection process.
 Edward had been around for quite some time and it took him that long to
 find me.
 There were too many vampire couples running around for it to be a matter
 of finding one's One True Soulmate out of all the world -- there were just
 too many people.
 There had to be a pool of possible soulmates that only narrowed to one
 when that one was encountered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't know if most vampires met their fated beloveds after they'd both
 been turned, like Alice and Jasper, or when one was human, like Carlisle
 and Esme.
 If it was the former, then whatever it was that narrowed down the potential
 candidates probably correlated with something that was likely to get those
 candidates turned into vampires, too.
 That held with 
\emph on
me
\emph default
, at least -- I had my mental privacy (a million thanks to whatever quirk
 had given me that) and humans with promising talents were commonly turned.
 If it was the latter\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 then I could only imagine a lot of vampires who ate
 humans and didn't take the time to introduce themselves first were going
 to wander alone forever, but that was beside the point.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If it was the latter, and not every coven had an Alice to give them instructions
 and assure them that vampirehood was in their target's future, then I could
 only imagine that most humans selected in this way were turned against
 their wills.
 Most vampires thought nothing of slaughtering people left and right; leaving
 their only shot at having companionship up to the wayward affections of
 the human companion would not be the sort of thing they'd opt to do when
 they could just take a bite.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But it was hard for them to stop when they hunted.
 Probably, turning instead of killing was also hard\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 Carlisle had turned
 Edward, Esme, Rosalie, and Emmett.
 He was the one with the extra, special ability to resist the lure of blood.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And there were supposed to be a lot of married vampires, not just among
 the Cullens.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So most likely, vampire couples typically met as vampires and were symmetrically
 attached from day one.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Drat.
 No readily available precedents to anchor on.
 Unless the Cullen couple I hadn't learned as much about -- Rosalie and
 Emmett -- had a story relevant to the situation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And I was back to having questions to ask, not previously acquired information
 to turn over in my head.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sat with the vampires at lunch again on Monday.
 I wasn't sure, as I approached the cafeteria, whether they'd welcome me,
 but Alice flitted by and murmured that I could join them, and so once I'd
 collected my food I took the empty chair at their table.
 All of them had bottles of water; Jasper sipped from his constantly, making
 it look like a nervous habit, and every now and then, one of the others
 would take a swallow as well.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I got there, Rosalie was dominating the conversation, monologuing about
 how she was not happy with the photos on her current passport and driver's
 license and planned to major in photography in college so as to be able
 to get better pictures.
 (I assumed she left off the phrase “this time around” only because we were
 in a room full of humans, and relied on stereotypes of blondes to save
 her from someone remembering that people, even photographers, generally
 didn't take their own ID snapshots.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett told her, “But it's your turn to go to medical school next, Rose.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've already been,” she grumbled.
 “Why don't you go? Or Alice? There's no reason it has to be just me and
 Edward taking turns.
 Anyway, I think Carlisle can wait a little longer.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wait, what?” I put in eloquently.
 Rosalie rolled her eyes and looked away, somewhat vacantly, apparently
 not wishing to be part of any conversation in which I participated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward answered my question.
 I'd avoided looking directly at him since I'd sat down, unsure how or when
 he wanted to pick back up being “friends
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 But when he spoke, my head turned automatically, and he didn't appear upset,
 just interested in satisfying my curiosity: “Carlisle needs updates on
 how medicine is advancing, every now and then,” Edward said.
 “He returns to medical school himself sometimes, but to reduce the chances
 he'll be recognized by a colleague, I've also been twice and Rosalie once,
 to update him.
 She graduated 
\emph on
summa cum laude
\emph default
 from Columbia,” he added, glancing at his sister; I guessed that he had
 hoped to flatter her back into the conversation by mentioning this achievement.
 I thought I saw a flicker of a smile on her face before she resumed staring
 out the window.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Reading journals won't do?” I asked blankly.
 I wondered, but didn't ask, why Rosalie hadn't mentioned Jasper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Carlisle has to be able to seem like he's fresh out of med school,” Alice
 put in.
 “He reads journals, too, but they don't necessarily say much about what
 they're saying to new students straight out of pre-med.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Makes sense,” I acknowledged.
 I considered offering to go next, but I wasn't even a vampire yet, let
 alone an acknowledged fixture of the Cullen family who could do such things
 as go to medical school on Carlisle's behalf.
 Being a doctor wasn't my life's ambition, but it sounded like something
 I'd like to get around to with forever to spend learning anything I liked.
 “How do you deal with being around blood? I assume you have to be around
 blood in med school.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I held my breath,” said Edward, “and didn't go to work thirsty.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie tossed her hair and didn't answer; I wasn't sure if that meant that
 Edward's reply held for her as well, or if she just didn't feel like sharing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So,” I asked, as the topic dwindled to a halt, “where did your last names
 come from?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Cullen was Carlisle's last name as a human, and he kept it,” Edward said.
 “I didn't always use it -- at first, I used to pretend to be his brother-in-law
, a younger brother to a fictional dead wife, and I used my original last
 name, `Masen'.
 I pretended to be Esme's brother when she joined us and used her maiden
 name, which was `Platt', for some time.
 When Rosalie arrived, she preferred to keep her real last name, `Hale';
 then to explain ourselves we started using the template you're familiar
 with, where Esme and Carlisle are adoptive parents to the rest of us, so
 I took the Cullen name.
 Emmett did the same when he arrived, and so did Alice, but Jasper took
 advantage of his and Rosalie's similar coloring and pretends to be a Hale.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I suppose it would be awkward for you four to present as unmarried couples
 if there weren't at least two last names between you,” I mused, waving
 vaguely at Alice, Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie.
 “Even given that you advertise you're adopted.
 Still, why use real names? Surely that would make it easier to follow you
 if anyone got suspicious? You could just make things up.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Rosalie is attached to her name,” said Edward.
 “And Carlisle has used his for more than three hundred years without anyone
 successfully following him.
 Although we may need to change policies as computers start leaving more
 easily discoverable traces in more places.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “Your first names are all real?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were four nods and one, “I think so,” from Alice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't remember that either?” I asked, turning to the little vampire
 on my right.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It feels like `Alice' is my name,” said Alice.
 “And it felt like my name when I woke up.
 I just have no way to be sure.
 I don't have a guess about a last name, or a middle one.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I should probably learn all your full original names at some point, but
 if I try to do it all at once I'll never remember,” I said.
 “How's the water working out for you all?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can't believe we never thought of it,” laughed Emmett boomingly.
 “Makes us look that much more natural.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It helps.
 I noticed my first day here that none of you seemed to be eating anything.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're unusually observant,” remarked Edward.
 I thought for a moment that this was a compliment, and then I realized
 that he probably knew just how much other students did and didn't notice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, I probably wouldn't have thought much of it, but it was 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 conspicuous that day I sat with Alice,” I said.
 “I guess you don't normally pull aside random humans and sit down with
 them, though.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not likely,” hissed Rosalie under her breath; I barely caught it.
 Emmett nudged her with his elbow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The middle of the cafeteria is not the correct place to ask an impolite
 vampire what her problem is
\emph default
, I reminded myself, and Alice neatly diverted the subject to the reception
 of the vampire family by Forks's residents in general.
 Some had made an effort to be friendly -- Esme had been invited to a garden
 party, things like that -- but they had no close neighbors, did not initiate
 social plans of their own, and Carlisle was sure to be merely cordial to
 his co-workers and those he encountered as patients.
 Over time, as usual, people stopped going out of their way to befriend
 the vampires.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Charlie thinks the world of you all, you know,” I commented.
 This seemed to elicit surprise -- even from Edward.
 “You didn't notice?” I asked him, confused.
 “Even when you showed up at my house -- he wasn't thinking anything like
 that? I don't 
\emph on
think
\emph default
 he lied\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward blinked, then gently smacked himself in the forehead just softly
 enough to avoid making a telltale noise audible to nearby humans.
 “Of course,” he said.
 “Of 
\emph on
course
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What?” I asked, quite bewildered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, I'm sorry to say that I always thought of your father as a man who
 simply didn't think very much,” said Edward.
 “I typically don't get words from him -- just some images, some feelings,
 all a bit vague.
 I couldn't tell what he thought of the family at all even when I was standing
 right next to him.
 But with your complete inaudibility -- it must be genetic, that's all.
 I imagine he thinks as much as anyone and I simply can't make it out clearly.
 I wonder what your mother sounds like! What combination would have created
 you and your silent mind?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh.” I frowned.
 “You thought he was stupid?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” Edward said quickly, then he winced and amended.
 “Not unusually so.
 I didn't give it much attention,” he pleaded, trying to backpedal.
 “I'm usually not 
\emph on
trying
\emph default
 to listen to anyone.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“When would you have met him before, anyway?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We actually do buy food,” Alice said.
 “To keep up appearances.
 Mostly nonperishables we can save up and dump at a food drive in Seattle
 around the holidays.
 It would look odd if we just never turned up at the grocery store; someone
 would notice.
 And we're around town to buy other things, sometimes -- lightbulbs, clothes,
 car parts, music, that sort of thing.
 At least one of us has probably encountered any given person who lives
 here, though we rarely chat.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Just the car parts? Is one of you a mechanic?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That would be Rose,” said Emmett, chucking his wife under the chin affectionate
ly.
 She smirked, more than smiled, but did acknowledge the gesture and turn
 to face the table again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was an incongruous image, the vain model elbow-deep in engine oil, but
 I didn't tease -- I wasn't entirely sure she wouldn't eat me, for one thing,
 and for another, it only sounded silly for bad reasons.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The lunch bell rang.
 Edward escorted me to biology, any traces of annoyance over the souls thing
 having evaporated, and then diverted course to sit in his own seat while
 I joined Angela.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was starting to regret having switched lab partners by the time I was
 a quarter of the way through the class.
 Angela was nice and didn't drag me down in the grades department, but she
 was not one for talking in class -- and anyway, if I wanted her to hear
 me I would have to speak up enough that I'd risk being heard.
 And we were 
\emph on
still covering cell anatomy
\emph default
.
 If I'd had a way to trade my mitochondria for the chance to never hear
 the biology teacher drone on about them ever again, I might well have done
 it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How much worse must it be for Edward? He had several times more relevant
 education than the man proposing to teach him about cells.
 He hadn't even forgotten anything since the last time he heard it; I had
 to admit, however grudgingly, that every seventh or eighth thing that came
 up in the lecture was something I might have missed if it had appeared
 on a pop quiz.
 And yet he was, apparently, in high school voluntarily.
 Maybe he just found it easy to think about other things.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered what he was thinking about.
 Coral reefs and sharks? Portuguese verb conjugations?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Me?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What was I going to do about the souls thing anyway? It was really a problem
 if Edward thought souls were important and vampires couldn't have them.
 For one thing, I didn't think it would be good for his self-esteem.
 Clearly, he could love and admire Esme and the other members of his family.
 But on some level, this was hypocritical.
 How could he care for vampires and find humans in general “boring
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, as Alice had put it, while simultaneously thinking us mortals to be possessed
 of some spectacular commodity that outweighed every vampire advantage all
 by itself and ought to be preserved even at the cost of life itself? It
 would be as though I decided that the objective content of moral worth
 was the color yellow, and then went on sacrificing bananas and eggs and
 squash so that Charlie could eat well because, even though he was not yellow,
 I preferred to 
\emph on
act
\emph default
 as though he were more important than the yellow things to which I'd assigned
 primacy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If Edward really believed as he claimed, why hadn't he executed Emmett the
 first time he'd eaten someone, or at least tried? If it were more valuable
 to live as a human than as a vampire, then any vampire who was a danger
 to any human ought not to exist, intent or no.
 Dangerous dogs were executed even though no one held them morally culpable,
 simply because they might hurt humans, a more valued species.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward might believe in souls, might believe they were important, might
 believe vampires had none -- but he did not 
\emph on
act
\emph default
 this way -- except when he was trying to decide what advice to give 
\emph on
me
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were several ways to explain this.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One: Edward was not actually in love with me.
 He'd fooled his entire family (including Alice's visions of us being 
\emph on
so happy
\emph default
), or had gotten them in on it, and was carrying on an elaborate subterfuge
 for unclear reasons, but didn't want to have to keep it up for all eternity,
 or deal with fallout after I turned and was not magnetically drawn to him.
 Implausible in the extreme -- too complicated, and no sensible motive in
 sight.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Two: Edward did not realize that he didn't act like he believed what he
 said about souls.
 This was more likely -- in particular, it explained why he'd find it uncomforta
ble to talk about Esme as a soulless creature, because it would expose the
 disparity between his words and behavior.
 It was also not incompatible with other explanations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Three: Edward had difficulty balancing selfish and selfless motives.
 While he genuinely believed it would have been better for
\emph on
 Esme
\emph default
 if she'd died at the bottom of the cliff, he thought it was better for
 
\emph on
him
\emph default
 that she be an immortal vampire who could remain a part of his family forever
 -- now that his own soul was unsalvageable, anyway.
 Thinking about how glad he was that she was alive made him feel bad about
 himself, but the magical vampire love thing made him more enforceably concerned
 with what he thought was best for me for my own sake.
 This seemed plausible, although it relied on an assumption I wasn't sure
 I could support about how vampires worked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Four: Edward thought I would snap and kill people if I turned, and the souls
 thing was a gentler way of advising me to stay human than saying “Bella,
 love, I think you're likely to be a murderer.” But he had gone to some trouble
 to avoid lying to me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I mulled this over, writing indecipherable shorthand in my notebook as a
 reference (“
\emph on
Lying, Confused, Selfish, Snap
\emph default
” -- I hoped Alice wouldn't be able to make sense of that if she saw it).
 The only way to figure out which it was would be to talk to Edward more,
 but I suspected some combination of two and three.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Biology dragged on.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gym was a little better than Biology.
 (I almost laughed out loud wondering what I'd have said if I'd been told
 back in December that I'd think that.) Edward was on my mind, but at least
 not in the room tantalizingly unadjacent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After I'd dragged myself through an hour of yoga poses and left the gym,
 Edward appeared beside me right on schedule.
 “Hello, Bella,” he said warmly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Had he 
\emph on
completely
\emph default
 forgotten the conversation on Saturday? “Hello, Edward.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Would you like to visit us again today?” he invited.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't see why not,” I replied.
 “Unless you're still upset about the souls thing and you're just a very
 good actor.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's no reason to talk about it,” Edward said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There is,” I said, “if you don't want me to be a vampire for reasons I
 don't understand.
 I ought to have all the information before I decide -- headaches for Alice
 or no -- right?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella,” he said pleadingly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sorry I brought up Esme as an example.
 Would it be easier if we talked about someone else? Rosalie?” I suggested.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward frowned.
 “I don't want to argue with you.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It doesn't 
\emph on
necessarily
\emph default
 have to be a fight,” I said.
 “But maybe -- I don't know, do any of the others agree with you? I could
 talk it over with someone else.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward was silent, looking somewhat brooding.
 “No,” he said finally, “but Carlisle's familiar with my views on the matter.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Will he have a while to talk to me about it today?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Most likely,” grumbled Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't sound happy about it,” I said.
 “Why?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I was hoping to keep you to myself all day,” he said with a faint smile.
 “Even though I said `us'.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You still owe me the rest of the story about the shark, so you'll get at
 least some of my afternoon,” I reminded him.
 We arrived at my truck.
 “Are you going to ride with me to your place?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You could let me drive,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The way you speed, you'd break the poor thing even without crashing.
 I 
\emph on
like
\emph default
 my truck.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can keep it slow, for the truck's sake,” Edward laughed.
 “I'm not sure I can promise it won't break down, though.
 This thing's not likely to last out the year.
 It might choose today to die.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, lucky me,” I said, walking around the front to get to the passenger
 seat, “I can't be stranded with you around.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It is an advantage,” Edward acknowledged, sliding into the driver's seat
 and holding out his hand for the keys.
 I dropped them into his palm and he started the engine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After I had gotten the shark story -- and three more -- out of Edward, Carlisle
 came home.
 Esme flew to the door to greet him as he came in.
 They looked and acted more like newlyweds than a long-married couple, and
 it was cute to watch from my vantage point at the dining table.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bella, hello,” said Carlisle after Esme had flitted up the stairs to return
 to whatever she'd been doing.
 “How are you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm well, thanks,” I replied cheerfully.
 “Hey, if you have a bit, I wanted to ask you something.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh? I don't have anything pressing to do,” Carlisle said genially.
 “We can talk in my office if you like.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I got up and followed the doctor up the stairs.
 I thought I might have heard Edward say something, but it was too low for
 me to make out; if it wasn't my imagination, he'd surely intended the utterance
 for Carlisle, who didn't visibly react.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle's office was cozy, and he gave me his undivided attention once
 we had both taken seats.
 “What did you want to ask me?” he inquired.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did Edward tell you anything about the conversation we had on Saturday
 -- about souls?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” said Carlisle, furrowing his brow.
 “What happened?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Apparently he thinks vampires don't have any souls, and that they're important,
” I said.
 “I just don't see how that could be.
 All of the things humans can do that might be what souls handle, vampires
 can do too -- you can think, you have memories better than mine, you can
 do moral reasoning.
 I said as much and Edward mentioned the idea of an afterlife.
 Even if I grant for the sake of argument that that's in the picture, and
 it's hardly a trivial assumption -- 
\emph on
why
\emph default
 would he believe that vampires have a different afterlife situation than
 humans? Are there vampire ghosts floating about as cautionary tales that
 he didn't mention or something?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And,” I went on, knowing Carlisle would have no difficulty keeping track
 of my questions, “he doesn't want to talk about it any more, even to answer
 those questions.
 I upset him on Saturday when I brought up Esme as an example.
 If it's really better for a person to be a human and eventually die than
 it is for them to live potentially forever as a vampire, it 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 follow -- mind, I don't agree with this -- that it would have been better
 for Esme if you'd let her die instead of turning her.
 But Edward doesn't seem to think so.
 He only doesn't want 
\emph on
me
\emph default
 to be a vampire.
 He said you wouldn't turn anybody who had a life to live, at least under
 normal circumstances.
 I don't know who Alice saw turning me back when she saw clearly; it might
 not have been you.
 But if I stay human, I 
\emph on
will
\emph default
 eventually die, because that is just something humans 
\emph on
do
\emph default
, pretty darn reliably.
 And if I'm 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 going to stay human, there's no obvious reason to wait until I'm dying
 of something to turn me.
 Edward's basically saying that he wants me dead so I can keep my soul,
 and doesn't have a coherent explanation of why I should be willing to die
 to keep it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle took all this in fairly calmly, although I'd gotten reasonably
 animated towards the end.
 “I take it you aren't a religious sort,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I shrugged.
 “I can tell a nest of bad logic when I see one, religion or no.
 Charlie's Lutheran but doesn't go to church, and Renée's flavor of the
 week is Episcopalian, I think.
 I don't think I'm anything.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, there's a lot of myth and legend that holds that vampires are damned
 in exchange for our immortality on earth,” said Carlisle.
 “Bad logic or not, it's hardly an uncommon view, if you start from the
 premise that vampires exist.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is that what Edward thinks, then?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, actually,” he replied.
 “Edward doesn't believe there is any afterlife at all for our kind.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But he thinks there is one for humans.
 Does he think there's a deity orchestrating everything?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's never put forth an opinion on that for sure, one way or the other,”
 Carlisle said.
 “You probably noticed that his is a vague sort of belief.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A deity would make less sense.
 There's no reason to 
\emph on
automatically
\emph default
 obliterate vampires -- involuntary ones, willing ones, nice ones, mean
 ones, ones that lived for ten years and ones that lived for a thousand,
 all indiscriminately -- instead of providing an afterlife.
 You haven't 
\emph on
all
\emph default
 killed people, have you?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We have not all killed people,” Carlisle agreed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So no deity sane enough that Edward or anybody else could guess at its
 reasoning would take vampires, as a group, off the guest list for the afterlife
,” I said.
 “If it does, then it's acting so arbitrarily that it might just as easily
 boot you for owning white socks.
 You can't base decisions on something like that, even if it were true.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You seem very open to the possibility of religions having some things right,
 for someone who `isn't anything',” Carlisle observed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not that long ago, I discovered that vampires exist,” I pointed out.
 “It's making it seem more likely that something about how I evaluate supernatur
al claims is off, so I'm trying to be more careful.
 Anyway.
 A force of nature doesn't need to act for reasons,” I continued.
 “So it could do something mean and pointless like not letting vampires
 have an afterlife if there were one available.
 But the problem with that hypothesis is that because you can't reason from
 
\emph on
motives
\emph default
 about the impersonal laws of the universe, the only way to know what they
 do is to watch them doing it.
 I don't suppose Alice can see souls as they float off to their final destinatio
ns?” I guessed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She cannot,” Carlisle confirmed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward can't read the minds of dead people? Jasper doesn't get mood readings
 off corpses? None of the Volturi or anybody have empirical data on what
 happens to vampires, or humans, once they pass on?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle shook his head.
 He was a good audience -- inserting facts where I needed them and otherwise
 letting me think aloud.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is there 
\emph on
any
\emph default
 observation that 
\emph on
anyone
\emph default
 has plausibly claimed to make 
\emph on
ever
\emph default
 indicating that an afterlife exists and that vampires don't get in?” I
 inquired, and Carlisle shook his head again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Then that leaves us with a few possibilities consistent with vampires losing
 the ability to go to an afterlife,” I said.
 “There is a deity sorting souls which dislikes vampires, and it acts so
 inscrutably in so disliking that there's no way to follow its reasoning
 and be sure to get good results by acting in ways it likes.
 Or, there is a law of nature governing the afterlife which prohibits vampires
 from getting in, which nobody has any way of observing, and which we therefore
 have no reason to believe exists.
 Am I missing something?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not as far as I can tell,” Carlisle said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And neither of those situations leaves me with a good reason not to become
 a vampire,” I concluded.
 “In either case, there's just no information.
 A deity, if one exists, either acts for consistent reasons that our minds
 can approximate, or it can't be tracked in such a way that there's potentially
 efficacious things we can do to try and please it.
 A naturally-arranged afterlife, if one exists, either admits vampires or
 doesn't -- for that matter, it either admits 
\emph on
humans
\emph default
 or doesn't -- and there is absolutely no way to tell.
 And furthermore, there's no reason to believe that an afterlife of 
\emph on
any
\emph default
 kind exists, given that there are no observations of it and the universe
 in general doesn't seem like someone sane is running it.
 And all of that means that the only criteria on which I should base my
 decision about becoming a vampire on are how my 
\emph on
life
\emph default
 -- the part spent kicking about on Earth with my eyes open and my brain
 running -- will be as a vampire or a human.
 And that seems to come firmly down on the side of vampire, with the whole
 immortal and superpowered thing.
 There are a couple of disadvantages, but none worth literally dying to
 avoid.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I heard Alice's voice from down the hall hollering, “Thank youuuuuuuu,”
 in relieved tones.
 Apparently my future had snapped back into place.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You've given this a lot of thought,” said Carlisle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Most of it just now,” I said.
 “It helps to have an audience -- usually I write, and that does the job,
 but if I 
\emph on
just
\emph default
 think, I wind up revising things so they're pleasant instead of trying
 to make sure they're true.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm glad I could help.” He sounded very genuine when he said it -- he was
 really pleased to have been able to serve as a sounding board and fact-checker
 for my thought process.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah, thank you,” I said brightly.
 “Now I just have to figure out how to explain this to Edward so he doesn't
 avoid the topic like the plague or continue to complain about me wanting
 to be a vampire.
 Although I suppose he heard this entire conversation, unless he left the
 house and got out of thought range or is tuning you out.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle nodded.
 “I somehow doubt that he did leave,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I guess I'll go see.
 Thanks again,” I said with a warm smile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And I left the office and descended the stairs to see what Edward thought
 of the entire mess.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tiptoed down three stairs, foolishly hoping to sneak up on Edward and
 get a clue of his reaction before he noticed my approach, and then I realized
 this was stupid -- I couldn't possibly walk quietly enough that he wouldn't
 hear from any point in the house.
 So I clomped down the stairs normally, and when my view of the first floor
 came to include Edward, I found I needn't have bothered to tiptoe even
 if it would have hidden me.
 He wasn't making any effort to conceal his body language -- it screamed
 tension.
 His hands were clenched in his hair and he was bent forward with his elbows
 planted on the table.
 I couldn't see his face, but guessed it was in some contortion of displeasure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Edward?” I murmured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hello, Bella,” he said, just loud enough for me to hear.
 I reached the bottom of the stairs and walked towards him.
 When I retook my chair, he murmured, “There's no convincing you, is there?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If I'm missing some facts, or I made a bad inference somewhere, please,
 tell me,” I replied.
 “I realize there are drawbacks to being a vampire, but\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 unless you're missing
 something 
\emph on
huge
\emph default
 in your informational brochure\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 none of it looks worth dying to avoid.
 And that's what it 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 be to stay human.
 You know that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's no need for it to be 
\emph on
soon
\emph default
, though,” he said.
 Apparently he'd either been convinced by my exchange with Carlisle, or
 considered 
\emph on
me
\emph default
 so entrenched in my existing reasoning that he'd given up attacking it.
 “You could wait.
 Finish high school, go to college.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's the advantage to doing that while human?” I asked.
 I could see 
\emph on
disadvantages
\emph default
: if I waited too long to turn, I'd be stuck looking like a cougar forever
 once I wound up inevitably-vampire-married to Edward, who'd been turned
 when he was seventeen and would stay that way.
 Some cause of death Alice couldn't predict well in advance could get me
 -- an indecisive murderer or something.
 I would have imperfect recall of the experiences I accumulated during those
 years (or even, depending on what had caused Alice's amnesia and how common
 it was, none at all).
 The Volturi could discover and get annoyed with my continued status as
 a human in-the-know, and force the issue at a time not of my choosing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Surprisingly, Edward didn't deflect the question or answer with floaty vagueness.
 “Timing,” he said.
 “You 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 be able to safely return to high school after only a summer to adjust --
 you might not.
 And `not' is the sort of thing that we would find out for sure only if
 you actually killed someone, so pushing it wouldn't be wise.
 In particular, you'd need to avoid your family.
 Even after we were sure it was safe for you to be around humans, the change
 would be very noticeable.
 You'll look different, you'll move differently, you won't want to eat human
 food or go out in the sun publicly -- all of these are things that people
 who know you would pick up on.
 If anyone got inquisitive enough to find something out, we'd need to turn
 them, too, whether they liked it or not, or hide them from the Volturi
 well enough to keep them from getting killed -- impractical, you should
 know.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That it?” I asked, when he seemed to have finished.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's all I think you're likely to find swaying,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I frowned -- that wasn't a good sign regarding Edward's own opinion of what
 was and wasn't worth consideration -- but chose to put off pressing the
 issue.
 “Okay,” I said.
 “How does this timeline sound? You and I make it known that we're an item,
 for setup purposes -- tomorrow, perhaps, I'll tell Jessica and she can
 tell the whole school.
 We finish out the school year as the showiest, most sickeningly inseparable
 couple in the universe.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I closed my eyes, envisioning how the rest of the scenario would play out,
 and went on.
 “We let out that your family is going on vacation to Europe for the summer
 and I go along.
 Carlisle already looks 
\emph on
suspiciously
\emph default
 young for the age he's claiming -- you couldn't have planned to stay here
 much longer; I expect you were going to split once you got out of high
 school.
 We could really go to Europe, or someplace else, depending on how curious
 Charlie seems and accordingly how likely we are to need to verifiably prove
 it -- he's the most likely point of failure here, since he has the most
 interest in my personal life and the most resources to poke around with.
 As soon as we get wherever we go, you turn me and I start adjusting --
 I'll be `sick' for three days, if anybody asks.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can keep in touch with my family by e-mail and phone.
 Maybe I'll get a webcam with a really terrible picture and use it in a
 room with bad light so they can see me without noticing I'm suddenly even
 paler and have different colored eyes.
 And then I tell them we've eloped and I'm going to take a super-long honeymoon-
cum-gap year.
 That should be long enough, since Alice saw me with newborn eyes near live
 humans without being in the process of sucking their blood.
 Then I enroll in a college someplace really inconvenient for either of
 my parents to travel to, maybe in Australia, with a forged high school
 transcript if necessary, and keep up with the electronic communication.
 We send them photos where we're really tiny figures in the background,
 and/or where we touch up the images so I look suitably pink and we both
 look the right non-seventeen age.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I opened my eyes.
 Edward looked some awkward combination of impressed, hopeful, and despairing.
 “Well?” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're going to tell the entire school that we're an `item'?” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If I'm going to turn, it's going to happen eventually,” I said.
 “And it lends plausibility to the rest of the story.
 I can't tell Jessica the entire slew of details if I want her to live.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's interesting that you're so eager to be a vampire yourself, but you
 don't want to change everyone you know, too,” Edward said slyly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's not it,” I said.
 “It would be wonderful if Jessica and Angela and Charlie and Renée and
 everyone else could all live forever.
 But I'd need to 
\emph on
inform
\emph default
 them of what that would entail before I did it, to satisfy my conscience.
 I can't assume they'll agree with me.
 And if I informed them, and they 
\emph on
didn't like
\emph default
 the idea, then they'd have to be hidden from the Volturi forever, or they
 
\emph on
and
\emph default
 I would be killed for breach of masquerade.
 I'd be risking my life to force anyone I told into a choice between untimely
 death or potentially unwanted vampire life.
 Do I have that about right?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded, looking disappointed that he hadn't actually found a chink
 in my logic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alice could probably see that I would like the idea of becoming a vampire,
 before she told me the whole story,” I said, excusing my own case.
 “And I think it 
\emph on
would
\emph default
 be a good use of time to see if she can check the likely reactions of a
 handful of favorite people, although I can already guess that Charlie and
 Renée would probably say no.
 But I 
\emph on
also
\emph default
 suspect that if this coven suddenly tripled in size, the Volturi would
 take that as some kind of power grab.
 I certainly don't want them to think we're challenging them, or about to.
 So even that, it wouldn't be safe to overdo.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(I didn't want the Volturi to 
\emph on
think
\emph default
 I was trying for a coup.
 I might want to actually commit one eventually -- they seemed overfond
 of the death penalty and excessively dependent on secrecy.
 But Edward was not immune to Aro, their mindreader -- and I might well
 be.
 Any such plans I might develop had to stay safely in my head, initial steps
 concealed by other overt reasons, until they were just about ready to spring
 into existence.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The one thing left that I don't think I know,” I said, “which might be
 relevant, is the concern of Rosalie's you alluded to.
 Do you think she would be willing to share it, or let you tell me?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Perhaps,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Edward said, looking suddenly hopeful.
 “I'll go speak to her.” And he got up and disappeared up the stairs.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
