#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{9}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman Warnock Pro
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Source Code Pro
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Coven
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The next month was nearly uneventful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the first Thursday in March, Edward and I cut Biology together: he warned
 me that the lesson plan involved blood typing.
 Although he remarked that hanging around me as much as he did, he had probably
 developed the ability to tolerate 
\emph on
other
\emph default
 blood just fine even if it were exposed to the air, there was no sense
 in taking the risk with as much of a pass to skip as he had.
 And I would likely have passed out -- which I explained to the teacher
 the next day, in apologetic tones that avoided me detention.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The subsequent Saturday, my human friends and I took our planned trip to
 the beach.
 I wanted to invite Edward along -- with Mike and Jessica finally having
 declared themselves mutual significant others, and Eric and Lauren vaguely
 wending that way, it looked a little couple-y apart from Angela.
 But Edward wasn't allowed on Quileute land, and First Beach was in the
 relevant area.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Some Quileute kids turned up while we were there; Jacob, among them, made
 a beeline for me.
 I complained conspicuously about Edward's absence after greeting him.
 This prompted Jacob to tell me “scary stories
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 about the Cullens, once he realized that it was that particular Edward
 whom I was dating.
 They added no factual data to my supply, except for the tidbit that it
 remained against tribal law to kill wolves.
 I did get him to flesh out the cast of characters a little: Jacob 
\emph on
was
\emph default
 descended from tribal elders, and pointed out others on the beach who also
 had interesting ancestry.
 I was pretty sure they could all become wolves under the right conditions,
 assuming the genes had stuck around.
 What I didn't know was whether this was a good sampling of young-enough
 Quileutes -- it was possible that potential wolves hung around together
 more often and that was why this group had arrived together.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the thirteenth, a Sunday, I visited the vampires' baseball field again,
 this time to watch it used for its customary purpose.
 The Cullens all liked baseball, but because a vampire hitting a ball with
 all of his or her strength was very 
\emph on
loud
\emph default
, they elected to play only when there was thunder nearby to cover their
 activity.
 Constraining game dates also by the desire not to be rained on where they
 played, this left them with precious few appropriate days, but Alice was
 well able to predict them in advance.
 Edward picked me up at my house to convey me there (by car most of the
 way, and carrying me himself from the house to the field).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As the resident psychic had predicted, the field was completely dry while
 Forks proper was deluged in torrential rain and illuminated by lightning.
 I sat on the grass, beside Esme, who refereed while the others played,
 leaving even teams of three.
 Vampire baseball was about what I'd expected: too fast for my eyes to follow.
 I mostly enjoyed the expressions on the players' faces when they were still
 between moments of action -- variations on frustration and triumph.
 Sometimes they heckled each other, coming up with reasonably creative insults
 (although I had no way of knowing if they were original to this occasion).
 Esme and I chatted idly when she didn't need to call out declarations of
 safety and outness.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Fifteen minutes into the game, Alice froze in place between first base and
 second.
 Emmett tagged her out, actually knocking her over with his momentum.
 She hopped to her feet again, looking frustrated and shooing Emmett and
 his protests away.
 Edward, in the outfield, flashed in closer, to stand by his sister.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Alice,” he murmured.
 I saw their lips moving, and I knew the other vampires could hear what
 passed between them, but I couldn't.
 She was seeing something and he was watching it and it alarmed them both\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward appeared next to me.
 The others approached more slowly, forming a loose semicircle.
 “Bella,” Edward said, “there are three other vampires, not our friends,
 in the area.
 Alice saw them before but they firmly intended to head north without getting
 very near, until they heard the game and could tell it wasn't thunder.
 They're curious.
 I can't travel as quickly carrying you as I can alone.
 Even if I could, your scent would still be on the field, obviously new,
 and the last thing we want is for them to start hunting you.” He said all
 this barely slowly enough for me to keep up with the words, and as soon
 as he'd finished informing me he turned towards his family and they began
 talking very rapidly.
 I caught a handful of the words.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 thirsty?” said someone's voice, possibly Esme's.
 Edward shook his head -- I 
\emph on
thought
\emph default
 at that question -- and that seemed a small relief.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Only three\SpecialChar \ldots{}
” scoffed Emmett.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How soon?” I thought this was Carlisle.
 The answer contained the number “five
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, but I didn't catch the unit -- minutes were most likely, I judged\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Everyone,” said Carlisle over the hum of agitated chatter, and the others
 quieted.
 “Let's just continue the game.
 Edward said they are simply curious.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Esme, you catch,” Edward said in a hard voice.
 “I'll call.” She didn't protest, and flitted over to her place.
 Edward positioned himself in front of me, looking furiously into the distance,
 at the direction I guessed the other vampires would approach from.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is there anything I can do to smell less obvious?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Take your hair down,” Edward said, growling under his breath -- clearly
 anticipating a fight.
 I pulled it out of my ponytail and shook it down over my face.
 I huddled as small as I could under my coat.
 
\emph on
Look undelicious
\emph default
, I told myself, but I didn't know how to do that.
 If it came to a fight, the Cullens would win, I thought -- by the numbers
 -- but there could be casualties.
 Someone could die.
 
\emph on
Edward
\emph default
 could die.
 I looked up at him, peeping through the gaps in the curtain of my hair,
 and knew he'd do it without hesitating if it would save me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I clamped my lips down on the words I wanted to say, provoked by the danger
 -- it was not a good time to have that conversation; it would be dramatic,
 but not clever, and I didn't want to be dramatic if it would put anyone
 in more danger\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The game proceeded tensely.
 The batters all bunted, not wanting to send anyone running after a ball
 that careened out of the field as most of the solid hits did.
 The outfielders stalked the edges of the clearing, paying less attention
 to the game.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then the other vampires arrived.
 There were three: a nondescript male with sandy hair entered the clearing
 first, then fell back to let a darker-haired, more muscular man with an
 odd olive hue to his chalky skin take the lead.
 Last to arrive was a woman with brilliant orange hair, which was long,
 curly, and full of forest debris.
 All of them had feral, catlike gaits, obviously predatory, and wore backpacking
 outfits but no shoes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Their eyes were a dark wine red.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle approached them with his arms spread non-threateningly; Emmett
 followed slightly to his left and Jasper on his right.
 It was a small comfort to notice that the leader of the unfamiliar coven
 was just Jasper's match in size, and dwarfed by Emmett's great bulk.
 I wasn't sure how much that mattered, but it looked like it did.
 The visitors (I kept forcing myself to choose alternatives to the word
 “enemies” in my mind -- they hadn't yet proven themselves that, not so
 directly) dropped into more casual poses, and the olive-pallored leader
 smiled, showing off bright and even teeth.
 Between stabs of fear, I had a vague intellectual interest in watching
 the covens meet; it was the sort of thing about vampire behavior I'd need
 to know later -- if I didn't die then and there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We thought we heard something interesting,” the dark-haired one said.
 “I'm Laurent; these are Victoria and James.” He indicated the flame-haired
 woman and the ordinary-looking man beside her.
 Victoria and James exchanged a look; I had the sudden intuition that they
 were mates, with Laurent either without one of his own or separated therefrom.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm Carlisle.
 This is my family, Emmett and Jasper, Alice, Rosalie and Esme, Edward and
 Bella,” Carlisle said.
 He waved towards us in vague groups, avoiding drawing attention to individuals.
 I was momentarily surprised that he included me in the family -- but of
 course he didn't want to pick me out as a mere future in-law for Laurent's
 benefit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Laurent took in the baseball equipment.
 “Do you have room for a few more players?” he asked, sounding friendly
 and inquisitive.
 I wondered if I looked suspiciously un-vampiric, crouched under my jacket
 when no vampire would have been bothered by the cold.
 None of them had yet tried to eat me.
 I tried to hold still the way I could if I were inedible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Actually, we were just finishing up,” Carlisle said, matching Laurent's
 tone, sounding vaguely regretful as though he'd have liked nothing more
 than to have a catch with the anthropophagic creatures standing before
 him.
 “But perhaps another time.
 Are you planning to stay in the area for long?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We're headed north,” said Laurent, “but were curious to see who was in
 the neighborhood.
 We haven't run into any company in a long time.” Except for their dinner.
 Dinner probably made terrible company, though, gibbering and begging for
 its life, and that was if you paused to let it talk\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This region is usually empty except for us and the occasional visitor,
 like yourselves,” said Carlisle.
 Laurent's coven looked relaxed and casual; I wondered if Jasper was leaning
 on them, and decided to thank him fervently if he were.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's your hunting range?” Laurent inquired, tone casual.
 The question didn't assume 
\emph on
outright
\emph default
 that the Cullens hunted humans -- they had to have seen the gold eyes,
 but did they know what that meant?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle described the environs of Forks, covering the La Push area in his
 claim even though the Cullens didn't venture there, and then said, “We
 maintain a permanent residence nearby.
 There's another permanent settlement like ours near Denali.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Permanent?” asked Laurent, looking interested.
 “How do you manage that?” Had they still not noticed I was human? My scent
 was supposedly strong on the field -- the wind had been wrong, but if they
 would supposedly have smelled me even if I were 
\emph on
gone
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's rather a long story,” Carlisle said, and then he invited them to their
 home -- I had no idea what he was thinking.
 There was no way for me to get out of that field without revealing human
 clumsiness or being implausibly carried.
 Was he planning to take them there in a splintered group while Edward circled
 around via some other direction with me? Did he think he had Laurent intrigued
 enough to avoid hunting me as long as there was information to be had?
 Laurent 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 look curious -- James and Victoria less so.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Laurent said the invitation was welcome.
 Carlisle then put in a request that they not hunt in the Cullens' range,
 on the grounds that they needed to stay inconspicuous.
 Laurent agreed readily; his coven had just eaten.
 (I restrained a shudder.) And then as Carlisle began to say something else,
 a breeze wafted by me in exactly the wrong direction\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward went entirely stiff and James was suddenly, as though under a strobe
 light, posed facing me in a hungry crouch, teeth bared, nostrils flaring
 wide.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward snarled like some sort of animal, not the harmless little grumbles
 I'd heard the vampires make -- it was a threat, full of menace, a declaration
 that Edward was prepared to kill if James took one step too close.
 I had so many reasons to be afraid: 
\emph on
My boyfriend can sound like that.
 Those vampires might kill me.
 They might kill Edward.
 He might kill them.
 If they have friends and he kills them, they might find us\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's this?” asked Laurent, clearly astounded.
 He didn't seem to have caught my scent as strongly as James -- and Victoria
 barely reacted at all except to fix her attention on her mate -- but he
 clearly knew the situation now.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's with us,” Carlisle told them, aiming the statement more at James
 than Laurent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You brought a snack?” Laurent asked incredulously.
 His foot moved forward.
 Edward's lips curled back, showing all his teeth, and he let out another,
 more ferocious snarl.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I 
\emph on
said
\emph default
,” corrected Carlisle sharply, “she's with us.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Laurent was dumbfounded.
 “But she's 
\emph on
human
\emph default
.” He didn't sound hostile -- but nor did he make a move to check James,
 who still looked ready to pounce.
 Emmett shifted position a little, and James slowly straightened up, but
 went on staring at me -- Edward didn't budge.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It appears we have a lot to learn about each other,” Laurent said, trying
 to defuse the hostility.
 If Jasper was using his talents, they were not as effective as I'd imagined.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Indeed,” said Carlisle tightly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Laurent went on.
 “But we'd like to accept your invitation.
 And, of course, we will not harm the human girl.
 We won't hunt in your range, as we said.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James looked at Laurent unbelievingly and then glanced to Victoria, whose
 eyes were flicking from face to face without settling in any one place
 for more than a moment.
 She looked edgy, but not very interested in eating me -- if I was reading
 her right.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle looked steadily at Laurent, and then said, “We'll show you the
 way.” And then he called Jasper, Rosalie, and Esme to join him and the foreign
 coven.
 They formed a line that blocked me from view.
 Alice appeared at my side as soon as it was clear he didn't want her with
 the larger group; Emmett fell back more reluctantly and kept his eyes on
 James as he backed towards us.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was still sitting on the grass, rigid with fear.
 Edward picked me up without ceremony and clutched me so tightly that it
 was almost uncomfortable, but it was better than huddling in my coat.
 The four of us were off through the forest.
 Under the trees, it was pitch black; not even the tendrils of cloud-filtered
 sunset that had lit up the field were visible through the leaves.
 Edward normally seemed exhilarated when he ran, but not this time -- he
 was running off pure rage.
 I wondered how difficult it had been for him to avoid attacking James the
 instant my species had been revealed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We reached Emmett's gigantic Jeep, and Edward tossed me into the backseat.
 Emmett slid in beside me, Alice took the passenger seat, and Edward was
 starting the engine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Where are we going?” I asked in a low voice, when I'd found where my vocal
 cords had gotten to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Away,” said Edward tightly.
 He sounded like he didn't want to answer me, he was just mechanically answering
 me because I had to be answered.
 The speedometer was overtaxed by the crazy velocity he was undertaking.
 I couldn't tell where the car was hurtling in the dark.
 “We have to get you far away from here.
 Now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why?” I asked.
 “That doesn't make sense; Laurent said they wouldn't hunt in your range,
 it's safer for me to stay here.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“James won't abide by that agreement,” said Edward tightly, forcing each
 word through his throat with immense effort.
 “He's a tracker.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett reacted to this word considerably more than I did, going stiff in
 his seat.
 Alice seemed to recognize it too.
 I said, “A what?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's got a power,” Edward said.
 “Hunting is his passion, his obsession.
 And he wants you in particular.
 You're the most irresistible sort of prey -- a single vulnerable element
 in a large coven of protectors.
 He's committed to the hunt now and he can't be stopped unless we kill him.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Then why run? If he'll follow me wherever I go until he's dead or I am,”
 I said, “then it will come to a fight, won't it? There's got to be some
 advantage to having it out on your turf.
 Or do you mean he'll stop when I'm turned and you need to put me in a bunker
 in Alaska where I can be hidden for the three days it'll take me to vamp
 up ahead of schedule?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's no match for us, Edward,” Emmett said.
 He sounded like he relished the possibility of a fight.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The female, she's with him,” Edward said.
 “And if it turns into a fight, their leader will go with them, too.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There are enough of us,” scoffed Emmett.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm sure you could beat them,” I said, “but I'm not sure you could do it
 without casualties.
 Edward, 
\emph on
will
\emph default
 he lose interest if I'm turned? Is that the plan, or were you just thinking
 I could live the rest of my life on a series of airplanes until there's
 a chance to put me on a space colony or something?” Edward didn't answer.
 Perhaps he didn't know -- his brand of mindreading picked up only surface
 thoughts, and could leave gaps like that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice said, “I don't see him attacking.
 He'll try to wait for us to leave her alone.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward growled.
 “It won't take him long to realize that's not going to happen.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If he finds it interesting to hunt protected, vulnerable people, what would
 be the point of waiting until you left and then finding me at home or someth-”
 I choked on the rest of that word.
 “Charlie.
 If he crosses my scent anywhere in town he'll find Charlie.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's right,” said Alice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And wouldn't it be 
\emph on
interesting
\emph default
,” I said, “wouldn't that make it so much more fun for James, if he had
 my father hostage and had me desperately working against you to get away
 from my protections in exchange for Charlie's life?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward snarled again; I started to fear for the structural integrity of
 the steering column.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So we'll pick him up,” Emmett said.
 “If James is still waiting for us to leave her alone, that's safe, isn't
 it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Turning Charlie isn't part of the plan!” I cried.
 “If we grab him, even if you manage to fake being human perfectly, the
 choices are still run forever or eventually fight James.
 And you don't think he'll come quietly, do you?” Charlie was far more closely
 tied to Forks than I was.
 He had a job he loved, longstanding friendships he cared about, he was
 on the Quileute reservation 
\emph on
all
\emph default
 the time\SpecialChar \ldots{}

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward clenched his jaw.
 “The coven has visited the house.
 Laurent is still there, talking to Carlisle; James and Victoria looked
 around a little, and excused themselves,” he reported.
 He was driving quickly but I supposed his family's minds might still be
 just in range.
 “They claimed to plan to continue their original route, and headed in the
 correct direction as far as Carlisle could see, but could easily have doubled
 back.
 Laurent is expressing an interest in visiting the Denalis.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Look,” I said.
 “We're going about this in a completely confused way.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's your idea?” asked Alice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't have one yet.
 Hang on.” I took a deep breath.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
What do I want?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted to live.
 I wanted Charlie and all of the Cullens to live.
 In -- I had to admit to myself to have the 
\emph on
best
\emph default
 chance of getting what I wanted -- roughly that order.
 It felt awful to realize that I wouldn't die for Charlie, and I hoped never
 to be in a position where that was actually the trade-off, but I knew 
\emph on
Charlie
\emph default
 would insist that I be the one to live if it did come to that, which was
 something of a salve for the guilt.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I felt less terrible about preferring myself to the Cullens.
 Edward, probably even more so than Charlie, would fling himself into any
 danger if it would give me a better chance.
 I half-suspected that he was sufficiently emotionally vulnerable that he
 literally could not live without me -- that if I turned up dead he'd calmly
 douse himself in napalm, hoping, in his confused theological muddle, to
 somehow join me.
 The others were friends -- Alice in particular was a good friend -- but
 I simply hadn't known them that long.
 Also, they would not want Edward to feel compelled to napalm himself either.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
If
\emph default
 everyone's life were assured, I wanted everyone involved to have mutual
 knowledge of that survival.
 I wanted to stick to my original plan -- finishing out the school year,
 dramatically eloping to Europe, and bringing my parents and friends into
 the fold one by one in any case where Alice said we could do it safely.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
What do I have?
\emph default
 And the sub-question, 
\emph on
What do I know?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward's absolute top priority was my life -- but he was susceptible to
 bad reasoning about what that meant and would not necessarily be easy to
 bring into an agreement about how best to secure it.
 Emmett was itching to fight.
 The other Cullens, as a group, were prepared to treat me as a member of
 the family and would probably defend me as well.
 There were seven of them; even split up in two groups, each half was at
 least an even match for Laurent's group.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James was a tracker whose purpose in life was to pick interesting targets
 and commit himself absolutely to getting them.
 At least under the condition where I remained human, he'd follow me until
 at least one of us was dead.
 He probably didn't know about Edward's and Alice's powers, although he
 might have an inkling of Jasper's.
 He 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 seen Edward's display in the field, and could likely figure out that there
 was an eternal vampy soulmate thing going on there, and knew that Edward
 (and by extension the entire family) thought he was a threat to me.
 Victoria had his back, the typically devoted vampire mate.
 Although apparently hunting was not her own hobby, or Edward would probably
 have been able to pick up similar intentions from her.
 Laurent was not personally hostile, but would take his coven's side in
 a confrontation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As far as the Cullens were concerned, money was no object.
 I did not think it was 
\emph on
possible
\emph default
 for me to come up with a plan that didn't involve the outright purchase
 of a small country, which could tax their finances irrecoverably.
 As long as I got a Cullen, at least one of them, on board with whatever
 plan I invented, I could freely call for financial expenditure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
What is the best way to use what I have to get what I want?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Wild plans spun to life in my mind and I tried to sort them, dividing plausible
 from untenable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At least one of two things 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 to happen in the reasonably short term, unless Edward was wrong about James's
 implacability: James had to die or I had to turn.
 Turning might not be a guarantee of deterring the hunter, but it would
 make me less vulnerable if he got through my protectors.
 (I did not expect to emerge into vampirehood equipped with expert fighting
 skills, but at least I wouldn't so closely resemble a melting marshmallow
 in texture and menace.) The process would take three days, but it might
 be possible for the vampires to move me while I was incapacitated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“James hunts alone?” I asked Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” he grunted.
 He was still driving absurdly fast.
 I had no idea where he was going.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alice, can you see if Laurent and Victoria are really going to Denali?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice closed her eyes; I saw her in the rearview mirror, concentrating.
 “Laurent is,” she said finally.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Laurent's really only with them for convenience,” said Edward.
 “I said he'd stand with them in a fight, but that's if they were all attacked
 together\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Someone should call the Denali group and ask them to keep Laurent occupied
 for a while if they can,” I said.
 Emmett had a cellphone on him; he flipped it open and dialed a number,
 murmuring a summary of the situation and request to the friend on the other
 end once he was answered.
 “Where is Victoria going?” I asked Alice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It looks like she's going to sort of\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 loiter, north of where Carlisle said
 our hunting range was,” Alice reported.
 “And wait there for James to contact her or come back.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She'll wait alone?” I confirmed.
 Alice nodded.
 “How long will James wait for me to be left by myself before he'll change
 plans?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe...\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 two days? Three? He hasn't decided yet,” she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What would happen,” I said, “if, in that time, you 
\emph on
kidnapped
\emph default
 Victoria?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The car was filled with another hubbub of vampires talking too fast for
 me to follow, and I frowned, annoyed.
 Was it a good idea or not? If there was anything James cared about more
 than getting me dead, of course it would be Victoria -- if we had a little
 leeway of time, five of the Cullens could go get her while two at home
 still left James outnumbered if he made an unexpected early move on me.
 And then there'd be leverage over James, or bait, depending -- if I'd missed
 something important I wished they'd tell me.
 I listened harder.
 The words I did catch were names -- Cullens and the other coven's members
 -- and that told me almost nothing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hey,” I said.
 “I don't really appreciate being left out of a conversation like this.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sorry, Bella,” said Alice.
 “We like your idea.
 We were discussing strategy -- who should stay to watch you and who should
 go get her, and how to hold her once we have her, and then what happens
 next.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is there a way to hold a vampire short of, you know, actually holding her?”
 I asked, miming grabbing a wrist and hanging on.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not really -- not without powers we don't have,” said Emmett.
 “But two could do it, especially if Jasper's one.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“With Laurent out of the way, that leaves five more of us to split up between
 making sure he doesn't free Victoria and making sure he doesn't get you,”
 Edward muttered.
 “If Jasper and, let's say Esme, hold Victoria, and Alice and I watch you,
 and Emmett, Rosalie, and Carlisle confront James in a group\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 One of them
 would have to stay on the phone with Alice so she could direct them.
 Or maybe Alice should go and Rosalie or Carlisle should stay with you\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
 He fretted, but he wasn't as obviously full to bursting with terror on
 my behalf and fury at James as he had been before.
 This was planning, not despairing flight.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Where are we going?” I asked pointedly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh.” Edward frowned and started to slow down.
 “I was driving to the airport.
 I suppose we should take you home.
 You can tell Charlie you want Alice to sleep over; I'll go in through the
 window,” he suggested.
 The Jeep slowed enough to allow him to execute a safe U-turn.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That works,” I agreed.
 “How are we going to keep Charlie from getting taken hostage when I have
 to go to school? Should I fake sick?” Alice saw that as long as I got good
 long vampire hugs for a few minutes before telling Charlie I didn't feel
 well, I'd be easily cold and clammy enough to get him to let me stay in.
 She'd be able to stick by me openly by getting Carlisle's “permission”
 over the phone and protesting that I shouldn't be left home alone while
 Charlie was at work.
 Edward, of course, would be hiding.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Should we even keep Victoria alive?” Emmett asked.
 “That's two fighters she'll tie up just by being kidnapped.
 I think we should kill her.
 Grab some hair first to prove we got to her, and maybe hang on to her long
 enough to ask personal questions and have Ed pull the answers so we can
 `prove' to James that we've got her someplace.
 But then -- I mean, we're going to have to kill James, you know.
 She's not gonna put up with that.
 Sooner's easier than later.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward and Alice seemed to consider this a fair question.
 I felt a little queasy plotting Victoria's death.
 I knew she was a murderer, and probably had no realistic chance of ceasing
 to be one, and that she probably 
\emph on
wouldn't
\emph default
 nonviolently tolerate her mate's death, which was likely necessary for
 self-defense\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 but Victoria hadn't 
\emph on
personally
\emph default
 done anything to me 
\emph on
yet
\emph default
, or even formed the intention to do so, and that seemed to put it on different
 footing.
 I didn't bring it up.
 
\emph on
I want to live
\emph default
, I told myself.
 And it was true: my discomfort over orchestrating Victoria's execution
 didn't compare to the sick fear I'd felt when James had looked at me like
 a delicious beverage.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Whoever she'd have eaten next probably wanted to live, too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward drove less manically towards my house.
 Emmett called his wife while we were on the way, uttered some overdone
 mush to Rosalie so she'd have a good excuse to get out of Laurent's earshot,
 and then summarized the plan to her.
 We got to my place at about ten, and I bounced in, arm-in-arm with Alice,
 pleading with Charlie for a sleepover and leaning very hard on my limited
 acting skills.
 Alice was much better at it than me, and jabbered about painting our nails,
 and how she couldn't 
\emph on
wait
\emph default
 to braid my hair because hers wasn't long enough and Rosalie and Esme wouldn't
 let her do theirs, and she just 
\emph on
had
\emph default
 to dish dirt on her boyfriend to someone who didn't live in their same
 house and -- Charlie finally waved us upstairs, overwhelmed by girly excitement.
 Alice followed me up the stairs with a gleeful squeal that I thought was
 probably uncalled for.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When we got to my room, Edward was waiting there -- pacing.
 “Will you face one wall long enough for me to change, please?” I asked
 him pointedly.
 He sighed slightly and obediently looked at the door to my closet.
 I hopped into my pajamas gratefully -- I kind of wanted a shower, too,
 but I wasn't sure Edward would tolerate me spending that long out of his
 line of sight until he'd calmed down a bit more.
 It could wait.
 If the vampires had a problem with how I smelled, it wasn't with the fact
 that I was gross.
 My outfit of the day had dirt on it from where I'd sat in the field, and
 it was covered with the sweat that apparently came with the immediate fear
 for one's life.
 I dumped it into the hamper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As soon as Alice saw that Laurent had left the Cullen home, she called Esme
 and asked for an overnight bag (which was to contain a number of non-overnight-
bag-ish contingency items, like several thousand dollars cash, in case we
 had to bolt).
 Esme was obliged to make two minutes of small talk with Charlie about how
 her silly daughter had spontaneously organized the sleepover without thinking
 to pack anything, ha ha, and she'd just take this upstairs and be on her
 way.
 She dropped it off with us, gave Alice and Edward each a kiss on the forehead,
 patted my hair, and then went out again.
 To go help kill Victoria.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hoped Victoria wouldn't kill any of them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Five vampires, including Jasper, should be enough to take down one who had
 no power or one so inconspicuous that neither Alice nor Edward had caught
 it.
 Should.
 And if they didn't die, but were merely torn to parts, they could be put
 together again -- she wouldn't have the chance to grind them up into powder
 or the materials to set them on fire
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It hurt to think about it.
 I got into bed and buried my head in pillow.
 Alice stood by the window and Edward by the door, unsleeping, watchful,
 as I effortfully nodded off.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward and Alice were my near-constant companions for the next three days,
 which I spent entirely in my own room or five feet down the hall in the
 bathroom.
 (Edward glared at Alice when she suggested that perhaps I did not need
 to be accompanied to the bathroom when her sight was clear of James, and
 thereafter she went with me; I got accustomed to it after a while.) They
 hid when Charlie was nearby; luckily, he didn't go through my stuff.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On Monday, very early in the morning, Edward briefly traded his guard duties
 with Carlisle in order to enact Emmett's idea of retrieving personal informatio
n from Victoria without her enthusiastic cooperation.
 He was back a couple of hours later, grim but looking marginally more comfortab
le with the state of the world and its population of hostile vampires.
 Victoria had had a phone, but not a number with which to call James: he
 was supposed to call her first.
 So there was no immediate use for her as bait to lure James into a trap.
 She'd only be useful as a way to throw him off balance when the time to
 fight came.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme and Rosalie trailed my father as he went about his work, in case James
 tried for him.
 Carlisle went to work as usual and let out that all his children had some
 illness that he'd troubled to make medically plausible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James was indecisive.
 The tenth time Alice growled to herself about headaches, I started to suspect
 that he somehow knew about her power.
 If he were such a great hunter, why would he make such fragile plans, and
 discard them so readily? It was thwarting 
\emph on
us
\emph default
, and rather neatly, but it could only slow him down with most targets.
 Maybe he didn't care about being leisurely as long as he got to destroy
 his prey in the most elegant way possible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But Alice did keep seeing fairly stable flashes of his immediate plans,
 too near at hand to conceal with indecision.
 And from these she was able to conclude, on Tuesday morning, that he was
 in Arizona.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Extracting this information from Alice was like pulling teeth.
 I knew she'd seen something, because she and Edward made faces at each
 other the way they did when he was reading her mind and he was talking
 too softly for me to hear 
\emph on
anything
\emph default
, even an excessively rapid babble.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why,” I asked, when I'd finally prodded her to give up this information,
 “didn't you want to tell me that James is in Arizona? It would be better
 if he were in Siberia, but relative to, say, Seattle, Arizona's pretty
 good.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Because your mother lives in Arizona,” Edward said reluctantly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I said, “but she isn't there 
\emph on
now
\emph default
.
 She's in Florida, with Phil.” One thing that was very easy to do without
 leaving my room (along with the homework that Angela brought me every day,
 forcing me to look convincingly sick) was keep in touch with Renée by e-mail,
 but the vampires didn't spy on my correspondence, apparently.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Oh
\emph default
,” said Alice, and she looked like she felt very silly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Then why would James be there?” asked Edward, flinging his hands up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know,” I admitted, and I didn't.
 Of course it could have something to do with Renée, but he might have other
 tasks in his life that he wanted to accomplish.
 That involved going to Arizona, when he'd been headed north from Washington
 before\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 and which he wanted to do while his mate waited for him (so he thought)\SpecialChar \ldots{}

 and that didn't make sense after all.
 Maybe he 
\emph on
thought
\emph default
 Renée was there, and would leave when he found she wasn't.
 I tried to think whether there would be any way he'd be able trace her
 to Florida.
 Perhaps his tracking powers wouldn't be deterred by airplanes, but neither
 of my guardians knew.
 There was no one she'd leave a note for.
 Evidence of Phil's occupation was scattered around the house, though, and
 could let a clever person determine his whereabouts -- and hers by extension.
 It was a lead.
 More of a lead than I wanted James to have.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is he going to be in Florida?” I asked Alice, apology in my voice for the
 probable headache.
 “Or stay in Arizona for very long?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She scrunched up her face, looking unhappy.
 “I\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 I see him in Florida.
 Yes.
 I can't tell where exactly, but\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 there's a sign.
 He's going to be in Florida.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sucked in air through my teeth.
 “We need to get a detail on my mother.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We're already too split up,” fretted Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My 
\emph on
mother
\emph default
, Edward,” I snapped.
 “If someone might be trying to get Esme in order to hurt you, and she weren't
 a vampire herself, you'd want her protected.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This was inarguable.
 Eventually it was decided that Alice belonged as close to James as possible,
 to give that group the best chance at killing him and rendering all the
 guarding unnecessary.
 The same argument applied to Edward, really, but he refused to leave my
 side, so instead Jasper went with her.
 Emmett went too, as the physically strongest fighter.
 They left on Wednesday morning, which Alice promised would still put them
 in Florida before James's arrival.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When Carlisle wasn't at work, he hung around near my house.
 When Charlie wasn't at work, so did Esme and Rosalie.
 But during the day, it was me and Edward.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could not help but notice that, by the time Wednesday afternoon rolled
 around, Edward's eyes were awfully close to black.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You need to hunt, soon,” I said.
 “Tonight, when the others show up.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward gritted his teeth.
 He had never liked being away from me and the fact that James wanted me
 dead wasn't improving his ability to function without me right there, visibly
 intact.
 But I couldn't come hunting with him, and if he got hungrier, he'd be nearly
 as much of a danger.
 So Edward slipped away in the night, taking the time to tuck me in first.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Besides, James was far away, in or on his way to Florida, being chased down
 by three vampires jointly four times his size.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And so of course it came as a complete surprise when he captured me anyway.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was asleep when he nabbed me.
 I assumed, when I awoke and noticed I was tied up in the backseat of a
 moving vehicle driven by James, that there had been chloroform or something
 of that nature involved -- or I would have woken up in the process.
 What I couldn't figure out was how James had gotten past Carlisle, Esme,
 and Rosalie.
 I also wasn't at all sure why he'd taken me alive.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As it happened, he hadn't gagged me, so I spent ten minutes forcing the
 mind-numbing terror into the background to let myself ask questions.
 
\emph on
If he wanted me dead I'd be dead
\emph default
, I told myself.
 
\emph on
I'm not dead.
 He's going somewhere.
 He won't kill me until he gets there.
 Dread is not useful in any way, shape, or form
\emph default
.
 I repeated the sentences to myself, letting them march across my mind in
 a loop, and tried to find a comfortable way to lie on the seat, which proved
 impossible.
 So did completely ridding myself of the fear.
 It was far too appropriate to the situation to be dismissed so easily.
 I could just barely shove it aside enough to let me think around it.
 And utter sentences, or parts of them, although they shook like gelatin.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How\SpecialChar \ldots{}
?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James smiled.
 I was arranged at such an angle that I could see the rightmost corner of
 his mouth turn up.
 “Hi there, Bella,” he said.
 “I 
\emph on
bet
\emph default
 you're curious.
 I'll tell you all kinds of interesting tidbits while I kill you.
 I'm planning to send your boyfriend the videotape, and it'll be more interestin
g that way.
 But I have no interest in repeating myself.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My brain flew into action.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I want to live.
 I have the power of speech.
 How can I get what I want?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then I spoke the words.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\family typewriter
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't know?” I asked, feigning surprise.
 I didn't have to conceal the terror in my voice -- the lies I'd spun in
 a panic to protect myself didn't call for me to pretend to be invulnerable
 or to have a deathwish, so I could still act as fearful as I was insofar
 as that didn't interfere with speech.
 But I did need to overlay other things on top of that.
 “About the reward? But there's no other reason to kidnap me,” I prodded,
 when James didn't say anything.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What are you talking about?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wait a minute -- why did you 
\emph on
think
\emph default
 they were keeping me around?” I asked.
 “Didn't that seem kind of weird?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not your boyfriend, then?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I made a little snorting noise.
 “You thought that because he snarled at you? No, that would have been much
 pleasanter all around, I'm sure,” I said.
 The wobbling of my voice between real fear and fake contempt made for an
 interesting effect.
 “He just wanted to turn me in undamaged to the Volturi, to get the reward.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm-hm.” James wasn't buying it -- quite -- but I wasn't done.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They didn't tell me much directly -- no reason to,” I said.
 “But they talk around me.
 Not much choice since they never let me alone -- I don't know how you got
 past them.
 They said I'm a 
\emph on
witch
\emph default
, that the Volturi like turning witches.
 They got on the phone with someone with a funny Latin name -- Caius, I
 think -- and made a deal that they'd hand me over to those Volturi people.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What were the Volturi offering?” James asked, starting to get curious.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let me think if I can remember the exact words\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 It was something about 
\emph on
immunity
\emph default
 from the rule about keeping themselves secret,” I mused.
 “I guess they really like having a permanent settlement and wish it were\SpecialChar \ldots{}

 more permanent? That it would be okay for people to notice they don't age?
 They were talking all the time about how they'd have to make sure the word
 didn't get out too far, that it could just be the one town.
 But they still 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 wanted it.
 Enough to give me to the Volturi people.
 They had to wait a few days before taking me to Italy because the other
 two they didn't talk to on the phone, Aro and another Latin name guy\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 Marcus
 or something?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James gave a slight nod, more invested in the conversation now.
 “Aro and Marcus,” I continued.
 “They were out of their city dealing with somebody who broke some rule.
 The Volturi must be really powerful, huh?” I marveled.
 “I mean, those people who had me trapped, I would have tried to run away
 but there would've been no way I could do it.
 And there were seven of them.
 I don't know how you got me out, I mean wow.
 I can't imagine what would scare them, but they sure wanted the Volturi's
 permission before they did anything.” I paused, for effect.
 “Wow.
 I bet the Volturi will be 
\emph on
pissed
\emph default
 if they can't have the witch they wanted after all.
 Maybe they'll kill all of them.
 Serves them right,” I spat.
 The unspoken implication was that James, too, would be at the risk of Volturi
 wrath if he were responsible for the loss of the desired witch.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a bluff.
 An outrageous bluff concocted in too little time and too much adrenaline.
 But he 
\emph on
knew
\emph default
 I had every motivation to lie like a rug, and 
\emph on
already
\emph default
 planned to kill me and 
\emph on
already
\emph default
 had the means to do it.
 Anything I could tell him that didn't make him kill me sooner or slower
 was a potential improvement.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would have backed off in a heartbeat if he'd shown any inclination to
 be annoyed with the fact that I was talking, or with the likelihood that
 I was telling tales.
 I wanted to set myself up as the useful object that could be destroyed
 
\emph on
or
\emph default
 redeemed for valuable cash prizes, and I wanted him not to accumulate enough
 hate to pick the first option out of spite.
 It would be worse than useless for me to annoy him, or at least to appear
 to be the 
\emph on
source
\emph default
 of his annoyance or emotionally precious to that source.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But James wasn't annoyed.
 He'd gotten his target.
 He could have gagged me and hadn't.
 He could have told me to shut up when I started talking, and didn't.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Volturi were the only group I could think of that could 
\emph on
definitely
\emph default
 kill James and might 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 kill me besides the Cullen and Denali covens.
 And James knew about 
\emph on
them
\emph default
.
 I had not memorized any meeting places or things of that nature into which
 I could hope to lure him to good effect.
 And so I was hoping that the Volturi really 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 like witches.
 And that my witchy power was extensive enough that I could prove my claim
 to their mindreader.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The Volturi have never done anything like that before,” James remarked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It seems weird,” I said.
 “I gather they've been running the vampires for, like, thousands of years.”
 I was trying to sound a little stupid, too stupid to be deliberately tricking
 James.
 I wished I hadn't used the word “gather
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 I went on, more carefully, “Maybe they think the secret's all gonna go
 to hell anyway, since technology's getting so, you know, high-tech, and
 it's harder to hide.
 And they want to get more witches first so when it goes to hell they get
 to stay in charge.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
James was smart enough to put this poorly worded supposition together.
 “Then it's not much of a reward, is it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I guess.
 Those people who had me before really wanted it.
 But I mean, if you're immortal, I guess a hundred years or whatever isn't
 that long? I dunno.
 It could take that long for the immunity to be useless.
 It sounds like a long time to 
\emph on
me
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Was that the only reward the Volturi had on offer,” he asked, “or did those
 people ask for it specifically?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not sure.
 I know they were talking about how they already had plenty of money, and
 didn't need more,” I said.
 “I don't know what all else the Volturi were offering\SpecialChar \ldots{}
 I don't know what
 they have.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hey,” I said, “are you a witch too?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He smirked.
 “Just a bit.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Have you ever met the Volturi? What are they like?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They don't normally like to be disturbed,” he muttered.
 “More trouble than it's worth to just go visit them\SpecialChar \ldots{}
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” I said, and fell silent.
 Needed to give his mind time to work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were a few things he could be thinking, and many of them worked in
 my favor.
 He could fear the Volturi, and want leeway within their rules as a valuable
 prize.
 He might admire them, and want to curry favor for its own sake.
 I could imagine that it would make hunting more interesting if victims
 knew he was coming and could try to resist him, although non-vampire resistance
 was unlikely to be particularly entertaining.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided -- for the time being -- 
\emph on
not
\emph default
 to mention Victoria.
 That would make him angry.
 I needed him curious, ambitious, risk-loving, not angry.
 And I didn't know how narrowly his taste for drama was beating his taste
 for blood, that he could calmly drive me around.
 Anger could not tip that balance in a good direction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Where are you taking me?” I asked after a few minutes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The airport,” he said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Seattle?” I asked.
 “Or one of the little ones?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Seattle.” The short answers didn't seem to be good green lights for continuing
 to chat, so I dropped my head onto the car seat and tried to fall asleep.
 I didn't quite manage it, but I did sort of half-doze until we got to the
 airport.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was just able, in spite of being tied up, to cross my fingers.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
