#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{22}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Linux Libertine Mono O
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Sue
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gianna teaching Maggie Italian 
\shape italic
was
\shape default
 very cute.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

How do I say, `I love you’, in Italian?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Maggie asked Gianna, trying to sound innocent.
 Gianna was sitting on a sofa with her feet tucked under herself, using
 one of my textbooks to give structure to the lesson.
 Maggie was lounging on the floor in front of the couch, gazing up adoringly
 at an increasingly pink-cheeked Gianna.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario, standing relatively unobtrusive guard in the corner of the room,
 furrowed his brow uncomfortably while Gianna stammered through the sentence.
 Maggie ignored him.
 She just grinned at Gianna and repeated the words.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie was trying to get Gianna to say “you're beautiful” in Italian when
 I heard Carlisle’s phone ringing in his office, and him answering it.
 Tanya's voice was on the other end.
 “Carlisle,” she said, “Harry's gone.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was up the stairs in a flash to listen to this conversation.
 “Gone?” asked Carlisle.
 “How did that happen?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We've been trusting him to hunt on his own, ever since he ran into some
 human’s trail while he was hunting with Eleazar and managed to hold his
 breath and run,” she said.
 “He's been going on his own most of the time.
 But he's been gone for almost three days now and isn't answering his phone.
 We don't know what the matter is -- if he's hurt someone and is ashamed
 to come home, or if he just decided to leave, or -- what.
 Can Alice see?” Tanya asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll ask her,” Carlisle said, and he brushed past me in the hall to find
 Alice.
 She was located in short order, with me following, and he summarized the
 situation for her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I can see him...
 but not far,” murmured Alice.
 “He's...
 I guess he hasn't decided something very significant about what he's going
 to do when he gets into Washington again.
 He's going south, though.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I went to the room with the computers and e-mailed Rachel.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel took an hour to answer my e-mail.
 “If you're right about what blanks out your sister's vision, then we have
 to expect that he's coming here,” she agreed in her reply.
 “I've warned Sue, and the pack.
 I'm not sure how well he'll do with not attacking us, even if he's been
 okay with humans, but we're sticking to groups of four and five for the
 time being and think we can probably pin him if he's hostile.
 Please come out here as soon as you can to help keep things under control,
 though.
 We have to sleep and if we wind up pinning him we run a risk every time
 we need to change guards.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wrote back, asking if Sue had appeared to know anything about his approach;
 the answer was quick: “I couldn't tell, but it's possible.
 She refused to be accompanied by wolves as a precautionary measure and
 wants to go about her business normally.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sent her another message: “I'm going to buy tickets and I'll get there
 by tomorrow, but Harry might arrive before me.
 However, he's been demonstrated safe around humans.
 I don't think you need to worry about Sue -- it's wolves who might be a
 problem.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I bought tickets.
 During that process, there was no further substantive content from Rachel,
 just “see you soon”.
 I logged off, found Edward, dragged him to our cottage, used up the hour
 and a half that I didn't need to make my flight on time, and then told
 him, “I need to leave again.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He sighed.
 “All right.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can I ask you to pretend we're going to explore Scandinavia together? I'll
 be the one to tell Maggie.
 I tested her earlier; unless she's got an amazing poker face and doesn't
 care as much about the truth as you say she does, I'm immune to her.
 I should be back in a few days, and then we can really explore Scandinavia
 for a little while and I'll have all the right stories to tell.
 And I'll be able to keep in touch by phone.
 So you know I'm all right.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward nodded.
 I packed, and he put some things in a suitcase too so he could go running
 around in parts nonlocal to give me cover.
 We went to the main house, and distributed the news, with all false statements
 that Maggie could hear carefully uttered by me and not Edward.
 I made it clear that I was trusting everyone to keep Maggie from taking
 Gianna away from the house, and no one contradicted me about the needfulness
 of this restriction.
 Then Edward and I went to the garage.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rosalie had bought me a car, which I'd managed to have no occasion to look
 at since it had come to reside in our garage.
 It was dark green, streamlined, and sat low to the ground, but otherwise
 wasn't the sort of flashy vehicle screaming wealth that most of its neighbors
 were.
 However, Edward drove me to the airport in one of his cars instead, kissed
 me goodbye, and then drove away to explore Scandinavia -- alone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I did not enjoy my flight.
 Anticipating the loneliness of being without Edward made it kick in faster,
 apparently.
 I felt a moment's regret at having ever activated the wolves, or at least
 at having done it when I had -- they'd been unharmed, in fact completely
 unnoticed, by the Volturi so far.
 If I hadn't started activating them until later, then my life would be
 a lot simpler at this time and nobody would have died.
 Of course, the nature of the threat the Volturi posed to the wolves was
 such that I couldn't have predicted the timing in advance, and earlier
 was safer for the tribe -- just inconvenient for me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I didn't bother with a car once I landed, I just ran.
 I'd looked at enough atlases to find a mostly unpopulated route from memory.
 I arrived at the reservation in the evening on Friday, where I discovered
 the tribe in chaos.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could hear the barking and growling well before I saw anything, but to
 hear Rachel tell it, scuffles between wolves were not at all uncommon.
 A combination of emotions running high and reduced consequences due to
 fast healing meant that 
\shape italic
somebody
\shape default
 got scratched up a bit nearly every day, and Alpha orders only did so much
 to counter wolf tempers.
 I could tell that there were more than a couple of wolves involved, but
 fights would vary in scope like everything else.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was in no way prepared, when I arrived, for the 
\shape italic
war
\shape default
 that the wolves were waging amongst themselves.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
No one seemed to be actually out to kill.
 There were drops of wolf blood (mercifully undesirable to me), splattered
 around on the dirt and vegetation and combatants, but no one had been injured
 badly enough to be out of commission.
 I did a quick count: all thirty-two of the giant pack were involved in
 the fracas.
 Before I could try to figure out who was on whose side, the wind wafted
 past me and carried my scent towards their battlefield.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The majority of the skirmish died down as nearly everyone stopped what they
 were doing to look at me.
 One nearby wolf lunged to snap at me but checked himself halfway through
 the attack -- or possibly was stopped by Rachel commanding him to leave
 me be.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel, the only entirely white wolf in a crowd of multicolored furs, shot
 a dark look at one of the black ones -- that would be either Sam, Becky,
 or a wolf I couldn't recognize by coat -- and walked towards me.
 A wolf with striking ochre fur trotted a few steps into the forest and
 came back with an outfit for her, from some stash of clothes they kept
 among the trees.
 Rachel stalked off behind cover with it, assumed human form, and came back
 into view a few moments later decently clad.
 She had grown a 
\shape italic
lot
\shape default
.
 I was pretty sure she cleared six feet in height, and as she'd said, she
 looked like she was on her way to the Olympics.
 And not for figure skating.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So...” I said.
 “What's all this, then?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's a very, very long story,” Rachel said stiffly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm immortal,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She laughed once, a bit sharply.
 “Of course.
 Okay, so, ballpark, how long would it take you to do some combination of
 running and swimming between here and Denali?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I mentally stitched together the various maps I'd looked at and did some
 quick estimating.
 “Maybe twelve hours.
 It's not that densely populated a coast, and if I did it at night...
 cars are only faster over developed routes where there are highways.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And you wrote me that this Tanya vamp only bothered to call your father-in-law
 when Mr.
 Clearwater had been gone for 
\shape italic
three
\shape default
 days, right?” Rachel prodded.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right, that's what she said.
 Why?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rachel laughed hollowly.
 “Yeah, that's about what I thought.
 I don't think this is the first time Mr.
 Clearwater's been down this way.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What?” I exclaimed.
 “Is somebody hurt? Did he
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Rachel shook her head, and I stopped, tilting my head.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't think he ate anybody,” she said.
 “Or if he did it wasn't anyone we know and nobody's made a fuss over the
 missing yet.
 But Mrs.
 Clearwater...
 is, uh...” Rachel gritted her teeth.
 “We 
\shape italic
think
\shape default
 she's 
\shape italic
pregnant
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was fairly dumbfounded by this.
 “
\shape italic
Oh
\shape default
,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I mean...
 she 
\shape italic
looks
\shape default
 pregnant, and she seems to think she's pregnant, and she's been eating
 really strangely and acting weird.
 But it's too fast,” fretted Rachel.
 “Even if he'd visited back in July when you turned him it's 
\shape italic
too fast
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It wouldn't have had to be July,” I said.
 “A week or two ago would have done it, although you're right that his most
 recent departure can't be the first.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wait, you knew this could happen?” exclaimed Rachel.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Half-vampires are possible, yes,” I said.
 “Living mothers of half-vampires, as far as I know, are 
\shape italic
not
\shape default
.
 Like you said -- too fast.
 It doesn't slow down.
 The entire pregnancy lasts a month, start to finish, and if the mother
 lives that long she dies when it's birthing time.
 I have to get my father-in-law -- or at least my husband -- out here now,
 and save her while there's still a chance.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You'll probably have to talk to Mrs.
 Clearwater about that,” said Rachel ruefully.
 “She's not really cooperative.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Explain?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Before we figured out she was pregnant, we all thought she was maybe 
\shape italic
sick
\shape default
, but she wouldn't go to a doctor -- flat refused.
 Then we figured it out while you were still in transit and told her that
 you've got doctors in your family and a regular one wouldn't do because
 we have to be all secret-secret, but a vampire doctor would be fine --
 and she still flat refused.
 I knew she wasn't, like, a huge fan of abortion, but she 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 does not want one, one bit.
 Maybe if you tell her it's going to kill her that'll be another story.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll talk to her,” I said.
 “What were you all fighting about?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Whether to force her,” said Rachel quietly.
 “I mean, listen, we didn't know what the hell it was going to turn out
 to be, it could have been some unstoppable monster or even just like a
 newborn vampire is supposed to be when it doesn't know to expect turning,
 something we'd have had to kill anyway -- right? And, uh, some of the others
 wanted to kill it whether Mrs.
 Clearwater liked it or not, to be safe.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She paused.
 “We...
 figured out how to split the pack.
 Becky seems to be Alpha of 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
 half now.
 She balked when I Alpha-voiced everybody that Mrs.
 Clearwater's in charge of her own body, and everybody who agreed with Becky
 answers to her, now, not me.
 I can still hear Becky's thoughts and vice-versa, but the non-alphas can
 only hear within the...
 sub-pack, plus relays when me and Becky are both wolfed.
 Anyway, it's kind of a major issue, and we aren't very pacifistic critters
 at the best of times.
 So there's been a lot of fighting and you walked in at one of the worst
 times.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm hoping you can get Mrs.
 Clearwater to see sense,” she continued, “and then it'll just be like we
 split the pack on purpose, like we were trying to, but if you 
\shape italic
can't
\shape default
 get her to see sense, I don't want to have to hold her down while you get
 your husband to do the doctoring.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Frankly, I'm in your camp,” I said.
 “It's not an unstoppable monster, and not even as bad as a regular newborn
 vampire.
 Might or might not even be venomous.
 I think Sue'd be a fool to go through with having it, since she'd die.
 But in so doing she wouldn't be unleashing hellspawn on the world.” The
 black wolf, who Rachel had looked daggers at before, growled.
 “What do the Clearwater kids think?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Leah was on the fence until somebody had an excessively gruesome mental
 image of what forcing Mrs.
 Clearwater to have an abortion might look like, and now she's with me.
 Seth's in my camp too,” Rachel said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “Well,” I said, “take me to Sue.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Leah and Seth de-wolfed and came along too, following Rachel in silence.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My guess, when I saw Sue, was that she was almost two weeks pregnant --
 the equivalent of being mid-second-trimester.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Her guess, when she saw me, was apparently that I was a vampire doctor there
 to strap her to a table and forcibly cut her baby out of her, because she
 made a very abortive attempt to flee.
 I supposed I looked different enough that she didn't recognize me personally,
 and wouldn't know what Rosalie looked like.
 When she tried to get up, Leah ran over and seized her hands.
 “Mom, calm down,” she said.
 “Don't hurt yourself.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I told you no!” Sue cried, but she didn't try to fight Leah -- it would
 have been pointless; the wolves were considerably stronger than humans
 even without their fur on.
 “I told you 
\shape italic
no
\shape default
\emph on
!
\emph default
” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not a doctor,” I said, “I'm Bella.” She relaxed a little, although she
 still looked at me suspiciously.
 “However, I strongly advise you to let me 
\shape italic
get
\shape default
 a doctor.
 You aren't going to live through this if you insist on continuing.
 It's happened before, half-vampires exist, but their mothers 
\shape italic
don't
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's up to me,” Sue said stubbornly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't dispute that for a moment,” I said.
 “It's entirely up to you.
 I won't even tell anyone who doesn't already know, if you don't want me
 to.
 But honestly? Sue, you are an idiot.
 No one has ever lived through this.
 An overwhelming majority of women who've tried didn't even carry to term.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How do 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
 know so much about it, anyway?” she asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I summarized the story I'd gotten from Huilen and Nahuel.
 “My husband and I thought that we could have 
\shape italic
our
\shape default
 kids,” I said.
 “We've got a surrogate lined up and everything.
 But we weren't going to ask her to 
\shape italic
die
\shape default
 just for that -- and you and Harry 
\shape italic
already have two children
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And we 
\shape italic
wouldn't
\shape default
 if I'd killed 
\shape italic
Leah
\shape default
 because 
\shape italic
she
\shape default
 wasn't convenient,” spat Sue.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked over my shoulder at Leah, who shrugged; apparently her accidental
 status was not news to her.
 “Be that as it may,” I said, “
\shape italic
this
\shape default
 one will kill you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You can't be sure of that,” she said shiftily.
 “Harry would have died, but...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked at her.
 “You didn't know 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 was coming, or you'd have known I wasn't a doctor.
 Is Harry nearby? Did he say he'd turn you after you give birth? It's --
 well, it 
\shape italic
would
\shape default
 be the best shot you have, but I highly doubt that Harry can turn you safely.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\shape italic
You
\shape default
 turned 
\shape italic
him
\shape default
, and you're new,” she said.
 Her stomach rumbled.
 “Seth, dear, will you make me some more scrambled eggs?” she asked her
 son apologetically, and Seth nodded and ran to the kitchen.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I held my breath and poured venom into an existing open wound,” I said.
 “I don't doubt that you'll have one hell of a wound when your baby 
\shape italic
chews its way out of its shell
\shape default
, but it'll be in the middle of your abdomen, nowhere near the heart.
 The shell might interfere with getting venom into your bloodstream properly.
 I mean, it has to contain venom somehow, or the venomous half-vampire I
 met would have turned his mother before 
\shape italic
he
\shape default
 was born.
 She died instead.
 And it is 
\shape italic
ridiculously
\shape default
 hard for vampires to handle humans safely without experience and control
 that Harry doesn't have, so if he tried to create another wound for the
 venom, that could kill you all by itself.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By the time I finished this speech, Sue was looking at me speculatively.
 “Well,” she said, “thank you for that information.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pressed the heel of my hand to my forehead.
 “Sue,” I said.
 “Sue, this is crazy.
 I flew out here away from my family because I heard Harry had gone missing
 from Denali and I wanted to help control the situation.
 If you ask me to hang around for another two weeks and turn you so you
 can have this baby of doom with a sliver of a chance of living
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I shook my head, about to offer to find a syringe in the Forks house
 somewhere and fill it with venom that someone else could administer, but
 Sue spoke.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Away from your 
\shape italic
family
\shape default
, hm?” Sue asked craftily.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My eyes flew open.
 “You 
\shape italic
wouldn't
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Just because I won't kill my baby to do it doesn't mean I don't want to
 live, Bella,” said Sue in a falsely kind voice.
 “It's already getting very difficult to keep your father in the dark, especiall
y now when everything would be ruined if he visited me in person.
 Billy's been running interference, but I have to get on the phone with
 him sometimes too.
 He's not a stupid man.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sue, you aren't just threatening to 
\shape italic
embarrass
\shape default
 me if you bring in the possibility of informing Charlie,” I said frantically.
 “It's not that, if it were that he'd have known months ago.
 There are vampire 
\shape italic
laws
\shape default
, breaking any one of them is punishable by death, the lawmakers have their
 eye on me and it wouldn't surprise me a 
\shape italic
bit
\shape default
 if they were covertly observing Charlie to make sure I haven't let him
 in on anything.
 And it's not just me who'd be in trouble, they'd kill him too.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aren't we paranoid,” said Sue smugly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's not 
\shape italic
paranoia
\shape default
 when 
\shape italic
my species is ruled by a mind-reading mass murderer
\shape default
,” I said.
 “With similarly spooky people in his employ!” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Seth came back in with a huge plate of scrambled eggs, and Sue scarfed them
 down, which prevented her from talking for a couple of minutes.
 “You realize you're going to have to drink blood if you hope to live through
 this,” I said.
 “The baby's sucking up blood and if it can't get it from your diet it'll
 just get it from you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Leah,” said Sue lightly.
 Her daughter made a truly awful face, but I heard her go outside and turn
 wolf, presumably to kill something and get its blood for her mother.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't need me here,” I said.
 “I can find a hypodermic in the family house in Forks, most likely -- Carlisle
 didn't bring all of his medical stuff with him -- and fill it with venom.
 That's how my turning was done.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But you've 
\shape italic
met
\shape default
 a half vampire, and his aunt who told you about how he was born,” said
 Sue.
 “If I'm going to live through this, I need an expert, don't I?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Then let me call my husband,” I said.
 “He was with me the entire time, when I met them, and he's a doctor
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Sue scowled.
 “He won't make you do anything you don't want to!” I protested.
 “But he'd know better than I would how to take care of you, just in general!”
 I was really hoping that he'd hear something in Sue's thoughts that would
 let him convince her to give up on the have-a-half-vampire project.
 But the other remarks were also true.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” she said.
 “No doctors.
 What if you're wrong about what he will and won't do? I don't know your
 husband.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Rrrgh!” I said, not quite growling, just too exasperated to bother with
 language.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Seth's scorching hand patted my arm.
 “Please help my mom,” he said in a small voice.
 He looked older than I did at this point, but he was acting his real age,
 which just squeaked him under the threshold of the ability to get things
 by being cute and innocent.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm trying,” I told Seth.
 “Mrs.
 Clearwater, I am 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 quite sure that my husband isn't going to assault you, especially not if
 I tell him otherwise.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, I'm not,” Sue said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I gave up.
 “Fine,” I said.
 “Fine.
 Where is Harry?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know exactly,” she said.
 “He was heading back to Denali and then I called him and told him I'm pregnant
 and he said he'd turn around.
 He's presumably still on his way.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you don't mind my asking, how did you even manage to safely
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I began.
 Seth giggled manically and Sue frowned.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I do mind,” she cut in, and I decided that I'd been rude enough that she
 deserved to interrupt me -- just the once.
 “But I assume you already knew about those tarts Harry's had to live with
 up in Alaska.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Tanya and Kate?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And Irene or whatever her name was, for all that she's apparently settled
 down since her heyday,” sniffed Sue.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Irina,” I said.
 “You know that for the first several hundred years they never went in with
 a plan to leave the humans alive, right?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I said,” Sue said coldly, “that I 
\shape italic
do
\shape default
 mind.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sighed.
 Evidently she'd been left unharmed (at least directly) by the experience,
 though.
 I'd assumed from the first time I'd heard about the succubus sisters that
 it was a matter of gender that they were able to leave their toys alive
 after becoming vegetarians while Edward had no such expectation.
 Since learning a few more things, I was half-convinced that he'd only been
 covering for his concerns about extramarital relations.
 Or that they'd at least been a significant factor.
 Anyway, there was nothing of practical import to be found along this line
 of inquiry.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Leah chose this moment to return with a large bowl full of animal blood
 -- elk or something like it, I guessed, although my experience with the
 land fauna of the Pacific Northwest was limited.
 Leah herself was covered in little red dots.
 Extracting the blood had apparently been messy.
 Sue accepted the bowl and, with rather impressive aplomb, sipped from it.
 Apparently pleased with the flavor, she drained the bowl.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It probably wants human blood, you realize,” I said.
 “Nahuel said he can live on animal blood or even food that humans eat,
 but he's an adult and can consciously decide what to have for lunch.
 The baby can't do that, and may or may not continue to siphon off what
 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
 need to stay alive unless you give it human blood via your diet.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And where do you propose we get that?” she asked testily.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I held up my hands.
 “For your purposes it doesn't have to be enough to hurt its source.
 But I can't extract it and neither can Harry.
 I'm sure there are any number of tribe members you could ask.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Most of them are in favor of 
\shape italic
killing
\shape default
 my baby,” Sue said.
 “I don't think there will be many volunteers to donate blood to keep him
 healthy.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I assumed she was just guessing on the gender and decided it wasn't worth
 nitpicking.
 “Or,” I said, “you could let me call my husband -- hang on now, let me
 finish -- doctors can buy blood.
 I don't have to tell him what it's for.
 He trusts me implicitly.
 I can probably get him to tell me what I need to do and say and what papers
 I need to have forged to buy some blood.
 He'll think that's a little weird but he won't ask awkward questions.
 And it'll come in a sealed up package and I'll just have to leave the building
 while you drink it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sue looked skeptical.
 “What kind of husband is it that you have that you can call him up and
 get him to tell you how to buy human blood -- which you shouldn't be drinking
 -- without explaining what it's for?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I bristled, and almost hissed, but I didn't want to provoke Leah or Seth
 into phasing with a threatening noise.
 That was 
\shape italic
my
\shape default
 Edward she was...
 sort of vaguely implying a mild insult towards.
 Which was not nice, but it didn't really call for hissing either.
 “Remember,” I said, “my species is ruled by a mind-reading mass murderer.
 You know, the entire reason why I activated the pack in the first place.
 I'm the only person I know of in the world he can't read.
 My husband knows that it's safer if he doesn't know everything.
 And he 
\shape italic
trusts me
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sue pursed her lips.
 “I'll let you try that if it looks like I need more than I can get from
 people in the tribe.
 Rachel, would you mind being the one to ask around? You'll be more likely
 to get agreement than most people who might try.” Rachel had been standing
 very quietly, watching the conversation.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course, Mrs.
 Clearwater,” she sighed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If that's all,” I said, “I'll be leaving for a bit too.
 I need to tell Edward I'm okay and how long I'll be gone, and then I want
 to hunt.” I looked at Rachel.
 “I don't think I'd be very helpful at keeping the fighting to a minimum,
 but if you can think of something useful for me to do, let me know.
 I may as well help out as long as I'm going to be around for two weeks.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sue had no objection, so Rachel and I left the house: her to pretend to
 be from the Red Cross, me to find some way to tell Edward that I was going
 to be gone for two entire weeks.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Less, if Sue died.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I called Edward.
 We talked for about an hour, getting sappy over how terribly long a span
 of time two weeks was.
 Then I found and ate a killer whale, and wandered the beach for a couple
 of hours.
 Seth found me at about three in the morning, and said that his dad had
 arrived.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry did not look like a happy vampire when I went to talk to him.
 He was hanging out in an old, secluded shack in the woods near the reservation,
 to avoid provoking wolves in Becky's pack.
 The building smelled enough like Sue that I guessed this was where she'd
 met her husband.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hey,” I said by way of greeting.
 Harry shifted position uncomfortably, still unable to discern that I was
 a person -- and having plenty of other reasons to be unhappy besides that
 -- but he waved.
 “How much did Seth already tell you?” I asked, as the young werewolf departed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Most everything,” said Harry hollowly.
 “You really think she'll die?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The odds aren't good,” I said honestly.
 “I know of four live half-vampires and ten who didn't make it to being
 born, have reason to believe that I haven't heard of all the ones who didn't
 make it, and have never heard of one whose mother lived.
 That having been said, it 
\shape italic
is
\shape default
 likely that Sue has a better chance than any of them did -- even without
 accepting a doctor's help, which would make me far more optimistic than
 I am.
 I think the other hybrids' father didn't care at all about their moms,
 and didn't try to look after them or turn them when they gave birth.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But you still think she should abort,” Harry said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I said.
 “It's an insane risk to take even with the available possibility that she'll
 live.
 This isn't just a little dicey, it's something that literally no one has
 ever lived through.
 But she won't.
 She won't even let me tell Edward anything, far from letting him show up
 with the relevant tools.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't know it was possible,” murmured Harry.
 “I thought...
 I mean, the Denalis never had to bother with...
 anything.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The Denalis of whom you speak are all three of them female,” I said.
 “It's different the other way around, although I didn't know that for sure
 around when I turned you.
 It didn't occur to me that it'd be information you needed, but in retrospect
 I wish I'd mentioned it.” I sighed.
 “I'm so sorry.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I missed her so much,” Harry said softly.
 “And she was only getting harder to remember as time went by and I couldn't
 stand it, that I might forget her, that she might not want to see me again
 -- and I knew I shouldn't just run from Denali straight to her immediately,
 that I wasn't safe, but after I was able to be around a human without killing
 him the only thing left was to convince her to see me.
 And then almost two weeks later she finally said she'd meet me here, and
 I was making regular visits, but I guess I stayed too long this time because
 the Denalis noticed and called...
 but it's good you're here.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You should call the Denali of your choice and say you've decided to move
 out and live on your own,” I said.
 “That way they won't expect you back.
 Since you've demonstrated to them that you're safe around humans, they
 won't have any interest in tracking you down.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I should,” muttered Harry.
 He took out his phone and dialed Eleazar's number.
 “Hello,” he said, when the ex-Volturi picked up.
 I quit breathing and held perfectly still, to avoid making noises which
 Eleazar would hear.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Harry?” asked Eleazar's voice.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's me,” Harry said.
 “It occurred to me that you'd wonder where I'd gone...
 I decided to move out.
 You know I've been having trouble getting along with Laurent and Irina
 and Kate and Tanya and David...
 I thought it would just be best if I left.
 I haven't eaten anyone.
 I'm not going to start.
 I just want to live by myself now.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well...
 all right, Harry, if that's what you want,” Eleazar said reluctantly.
 “But know that you're welcome back any time, and that if you need anything,
 you can call us.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you,” Harry said softly.
 “I'll let you know if my phone number changes.
 Thank you for letting me into your home, and please pass on my thanks to
 Carmen as well.
 Goodbye.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I will,” Eleazar promised.
 “Goodbye, Harry.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry clicked his phone closed, and I started breathing again.
 It was mildly uncomfortable not to, just because it deprived me of a sense,
 although I had plenty of practice from my habit of underwater hunting and
 resorted to holding my breath more readily than my family tended to.
 Harry said, “I should have thought to do that as soon as I'd been gone
 longer than they were used to.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm kind of surprised that they didn't get curious about twenty-four-hour-plus
 departures earlier,” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I told them I was just exploring, that I liked to be alone,” he said.
 “It's a big park.
 And they knew I wasn't that fond of most of the group.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fair enough,” I said.
 I heard someone approaching the house on two feet at a relaxed walk; probably
 Leah or Seth with some news or question.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Please don't let my wife die,” Harry said suddenly.
 “I don't know how I can do without her.
 And Seth is so young, he can't lose his mother.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I will do everything I can short of assaulting her to keep her alive,”
 I said.
 “But she's not letting me be as helpful as I'd like.
 Maybe you can do a better job of talking her into letting me bring Edward
 in.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's very stubborn, Sue is,” murmured Harry.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And that was the end of that conversation, because at that moment, the door
 slammed open and there stood Charlie.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At first, we all just stared at each other.
 There 
\shape italic
was
\shape default
 a chance, however remote, that Charlie would not recognize me or Harry
 -- especially not in the dark; it wasn't even four a.m.
 and I had no idea what would have possessed him to go wandering through
 the woods at such an hour.
 Supersonic and fast, I told Harry, “If he doesn't recognize us pretend
 we're lost and don't speak English.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie shot that plan to hell immediately -- “
\shape italic
Harry
\shape default
?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was almost offended that he'd recognized Harry and not me, but of course
 he had reason to think Harry might be anywhere at all, whereas last he'd
 checked I'd been in Norway playing newlywed truant.
 Also, this was apparently Harry's shack.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Hello,” said Harry.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Harry, is that you?” demanded Charlie.
 “What are you doing here? What's up with your face? Billy and your wife
 have been giving me the runaround -- and who's this?” He gave me a closer
 look, and I held very still, trying to avoid projecting any mannerisms
 that would make me look familiar.
 “Are...
 you...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Charlie,” said Harry, momentarily distracting my father from his attempt
 at figuring out what was going on with me.
 “Please trust me.
 It's not good for you to be here.
 Please go home, go to bed, and wake up and think of it like a dream.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hell no,” said Charlie, and a little candle-flame of hope in the land of
 metaphors winked out.
 “I could have let it go if you disappeared for a week and wouldn't explain,
 but Harry, I haven't gotten a verifiable story about where you've gotten
 to since July! Billy and Sue contradict each other, they contradict themselves,
 you're always sick or visiting relatives or running some mighty long errands,
 and I just don't buy it for nearly two months straight, my friend.
 And Sue hasn't let me drop by and check in on her for the last couple of
 days either.
 Her kids chased me off when I tried last night -- I swear Leah looked like
 she might bite my head off.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Charlie, I'm fine,” said Harry.
 “I'm completely fine.
 And that's all you need to know, and it is very important that that be
 all you know, and I think you should go home and go to bed now.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not that simple anymore,” Charlie said.
 “I have co-workers.
 Sometimes I mention stuff to them.
 I told ’em I couldn't get ahold of you, end of July.
 Came up again in conversation last week.
 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 was willing to trust Billy and Sue pretty far, but they're not the other
 cops’ friends.
 And cops start wondering what's going on when somebody goes missing that
 long and his wife and a friend of the family are running interference.
 This is me wandering around every place you might be hiding at an ungodly
 hour of the morning so on Monday, Rick doesn't ask me `hey, did your friend
 Harry turn up yet’ and I have to say `nope’ and he has to launch an investigati
on.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I failed to restrain a curse word.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie looked at me again.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Young lady,” he said, and my still heart sank, “I don't care what freaky
 stuff you've gotten into -- keep a civil tongue in your head.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And you got here how?” Charlie asked me, about an hour and a half later.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I flew,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You can 
\shape italic
fly
\shape default
, too?!” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“On an 
\shape italic
airplane,
\shape default
” I said.
 “Are you 
\shape italic
absolutely
\shape default
 sure you aren't being followed or tracked at all? You haven't noticed any
 weird, pale people hanging around, there haven't been any unexplained disappear
ances in a radius of a hundred miles besides Harry...?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not that I've noticed,” muttered Charlie.
 I thought he might be disappointed that I couldn't fly.
 “But if it's a...
 you seriously call yourselves `vampires'?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's the English term, yes, for immortal creatures that drink blood,”
 I sighed.
 I'd been explaining Things You May Not Have Known About The World 101 to
 Charlie since it had become clear that his cooperation would be necessary
 to keep the secret from exploding any farther beyond its current straining
 boundaries.
 He was so uncomfortable with the concept that I thought if only he'd stumbled
 across something he shouldn't have seen five or six weeks ago, he'd have
 blocked it all out of his mind and done the cover-up on request without
 needing to know details.
 As it was, the runaround he'd gotten was not letting him feel satisfied
 with partial explanations.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If a vampire's following me, I wouldn't necessarily have noticed,” Charlie
 said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's nobody else within a couple of miles, anyway,” said Harry quietly.
 The edge of the inhabited part of the reservation was four miles away from
 the shack, and Harry's range seemed to be about three miles, irrespective
 of whether he knew the people he was sensing or not.
 The shack itself had unclear origins but had been a haunt of Harry's since
 he'd been a kid; Charlie had been there once before, when Harry had been
 trying to generate interest in repairing it for some purpose or other that
 neither of them recalled.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So you weren't followed 
\shape italic
here
\shape default
,” I said, “at least not closely.
 That's good.
 I might have been overcautious; goodness only knows how many people the
 Volturi would 
\shape italic
like
\shape default
 to have an eye on, but they've only got so much staff to spread around.
 But Dad, that doesn't mean you can talk about this to anybody.
 
\shape italic
Not anybody
\shape default
 except Quileutes, they're okay, and certain individuals they've had no
 choice but to tell.
 If enough people find out, it will cause a big enough stir that the Volturi
 will 
\shape italic
definitely
\shape default
 find out, and definitely intervene.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie nodded slowly.
 “What about Sue?” he asked finally.
 “Is she all right?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I bit my lip as Harry struggled through an explanation.
 Charlie's expression grew darker as he heard the story of her pregnancy,
 the wolves' split, and Sue's refusal to let me so much as ask Edward how
 to get human blood.
 “Would it help at all if I talked to her?” he asked quietly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm going to try, when she's woken up later this morning,” Harry said.
 “I only got here a few hours ago.
 If I can't, you're welcome to give it a shot -- but I don't think she's
 going to budge.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wouldn't surprise me,” said Charlie, looking at the ceiling.
 It was hard for me to guess how much he could make out in the little moonlight
 filtering in through the windows.
 My night vision wasn't something I'd ever written about extensively before
 turning.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You look tired,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A bit,” he admitted.
 “I have tomorrow off, though, so it won't do me so much harm to pull an
 all-nighter.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You have to sleep, Dad.
 You're not a vampire,” I said.
 “Yet.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh-ho-ho no, Bells,” he said.
 “That's -- not -- no.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It'd be safer,” I said.
 “In a wide variety of ways.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charlie shook his head.
 “Bells, I know you don't take after me this way, but I put down roots.
 I can't disappear from my life.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay, well -- think about it,” I said.
 “Now that you know and you can't un-know...
 offer's on the table.
 Say the word and I'll do it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not likely, Bells.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I guess I can just send you the un-photoshopped versions of my wedding
 photos,” I sighed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That,” Charlie said, “will be good enough for me.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry, Charlie, another attempt by me, a plea from Rachel, Leah's badgering,
 and Seth's puppy eyes did nothing to persuade Sue on any count.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, the fact that she could no longer threaten to tell Charlie on me
 meant that I didn't have to wait for her to agree to anything
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Which meant that I was pacing around in her backyard arguing with myself
 about whether to go against her wishes or not.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An important consideration that I was wrestling with was how much of my
 desire to call Edward and get him to come was 
\shape italic
just that
\shape default
.
 Honestly, I 
\shape italic
did
\shape default
 hate keeping secrets from him.
 It didn't feel right.
 The fact that Charlie didn't seem to be under surveillance wasn't making
 it feel any more urgent.
 I hated being away from Edward for more than a few hours at a time.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In an attempt to separate out what of my feelings was about 
\shape italic
Edward
\shape default
 and what was about 
\shape italic
getting Sue medical help
\shape default
, I contemplated calling Carlisle instead.
 Carlisle had more medical expertise.
 If I told him what was going on, he'd probably take the time off work and
 show up and help Sue.
 He couldn't read her mind and find an argument that would convince her
 to accept what she 
\shape italic
most
\shape default
 needed, but he was a charismatic and pleasant enough person that he might
 have a shot at it anyway.
 I ignored for the purposes of the thought experiment the fact that Edward
 could read 
\shape italic
Carlisle's
\shape default
 mind, and therefore bringing Carlisle into the picture would be two people
 learning about the wolves and the Clearwaters' predicament, not just one.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I found, predictably enough, that I was less enthusiastic about calling
 Carlisle.
 Or, when I tried another substitution, Rosalie.
 I just wasn't as keen on hauling them into the situation.
 Partly, I felt less entitled to their time -- while they'd really be coming
 for Sue, not me, the entire issue was ultimately my own fault since I'd
 activated the wolf who'd mauled the man I'd had to turn who'd knocked up
 his wife with a dangerous baby.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided that was silly, disregarded it, and identified the other reason
 I didn't feel much like phoning them besides their mere non-Edwardness.
 If I had to bring in someone other than my very own Edward, then 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 wasn't personally handling the situation.
 It wasn't just that I wasn't entitled to ask them for help.
 If I told them I felt that way they -- well, Carlisle at least, perhaps
 not Rosalie -- would think I was being silly and that of course I could
 ask for whatever I needed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward, on the other hand, felt and acted like almost an extension of myself.
 I didn't even think he'd dispute the description.
 If I got 
\shape italic
Edward
\shape default
 to help me with something, it still felt like I had accomplished the something
 -- I had this impression about my ability to keep my whereabouts secret
 even though he was covering my continent-hopping.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With all of this sifted out, I came to the conclusion that I didn't 
\shape italic
actually
\shape default
 think it was important to force medical interventions on Sue that she wouldn't
 accept when offered.
 It was also beginning to look like she was not capable of being convinced.
 I'd known that earlier, really, or I would have sided with Becky and I
 would have found some way to physically prevent Sue from telling Charlie
 anything when threatened.
 (For instance, it would not have been at all difficult to take away her
 phone, and her kids had already started chasing him off from attempting
 to visit her in person.) So, no Edward.
 Or at least no physical presence of Edward.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I called him again.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
