#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{23}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Luminosity.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Linux Libertine Mono O
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Delivery
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sue got worse.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Every day, she was visibly more pregnant, and not just to vampire eyes.
 I hung around in Harry's shack when she drank her human blood, as did Harry.
 As I'd suspected, werewolf blood was not palatable to her revised sense
 of taste; she was able to stand the blood of inactive carriers of the gene,
 like Billy, but preferred typical humans' offerings.
 Charlie was the first donor, stuck and inexpertly drained by a wolf in
 Rachel's pack who'd spent a few months in nursing school before dropping
 out.
 Someone in Rachel's pack would come let us know when it was all safely
 consumed and we could be in the room again, but there wasn't much to be
 done.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sue didn't move around much.
 She was getting thinner and spindlier everywhere but her belly, which became
 huge -- too huge.
 She was constantly hungry.
 Mostly she wanted eggs, but we made her eat anything that we thought might
 help -- spinach, assorted meat, anything loaded up with starch and sugar
 for quick cheap energy.
 She was usually hungry, so it wasn't too hard to make her eat.
 Between meals, she drank a constant stream of juice, and occasionally puked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The baby started breaking her ribs.
 It was hard to tell, without any fancy medical equipment or knowhow, whether
 any given 
\shape italic
snap
\shape default
 was a new rib or an already broken rib fractured in a new place; we stopped
 counting, after a while.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She decided to name the baby “Cody
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since she was quite confident that it was a boy, she let Harry unilaterally
 pick a backup girls' name, which he did with some obvious mixed feelings;
 he settled on “Maya”.
 I commented that they sure liked names with four letters, and he nodded,
 but his mind was entirely somewhere else.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It should have been a cute and touching thing to learn that, yes, Harry
 really was supposed to be with his wife forever -- but “forever” was looking
 to be cut short.
 Sue sometimes just outright lost consciousness.
 It was only for a few minutes at a time, but it never failed to send Harry
 into a panic.
 Even when she was awake or in a normal sleep, he wasn't in good shape.
 He paced the house.
 He gingerly held Sue's hand, terrified of injuring her and giving her overtaxed
 body more to keep up with.
 He made appeals to every non-wolf on the reservation who Rachel couldn't
 convince to donate blood, succeeding only once but redoubling his efforts
 every time she passed out again or made a face at a bowl of animal blood.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There wasn't really much for me to do to help her.
 I told Harry absolutely everything that Nahuel and Huilen had told me,
 and had no further expertise available.
 Sue was adamant that I not go home -- if baby Cody-or-Maya was going to
 chew its way out of its shell, it might serve to have a vampire present
 to get that part over and done with faster so Sue could get started turning.
 Wolves' teeth and claws were sharp enough to cut vampire skin, and could
 probably break the shell, but they didn't have the necessary dexterity
 in that form to do it carefully.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I searched high and low in the family home in Forks, and eventually did
 find a kit with medical equipment.
 I didn't recognize most of it, but found a few syringes that looked like
 the ones Ilario had been turned with.
 I took them and then had nothing useful to do until the baby of doom decided
 to come along.
 Mostly I loitered, wished Edward were there, and let Seth distract himself
 from his mother's plight by telling me all the pack drama.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sam's in Becky's pack now, so I think Leah's feeling a little better about
 being a wolf,” he said one afternoon.
 We were wandering along the beach.
 “He took longer to decide than most of us, but I think maybe he was just
 being nice to Leah, going with Becky.” I hadn't spoken to Becky or anyone
 in her pack since arriving.
 They were sticking to the half of the reservation that didn't contain the
 Clearwater house, having come to a very uneasy agreement about letting
 Cody/Maya live given that he or she wasn't doomed to be hellspawn.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Well, I wouldn't expect his imprinting on Emily to make him 
\shape italic
hate
\shape default
 Leah,” I said.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Heck, Becky split the entire pack by countering the Alpha voice over a disagreem
ent with Rachel and I don't think they hate each other.
 Regular love isn't 
\shape italic
as
\shape default
 powerful as the magic kind, but it's something.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think Sam does hate her, but Leah feels like it,” said Seth.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wouldn't all the mindreading you guys get up to simplify this question
 rather a lot?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's a lot of us.
 It's a little easier now that there's only half as many, but there's a
 lot to keep track of, and lots of echoes.
 Leah didn't like to listen to Sam at all, so she didn't try to check whether
 he hated her, I guess.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How do you feel about imprinting?” I asked him.
 “It's, what, five of the guys who have done it now?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah,” Seth said.
 “I don't think I want it.
 It seems to mess stuff up.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jared's didn't,” I pointed out, naming the boy who'd fallen for a classmate
 with a preexisting crush on him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, his didn't,” acknowledged Seth.
 “But all the others did at least a little.
 Sam was just worst.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What about the guy who fell for the girl from Forks?” I asked.
 “What'd that do? I didn't get a lot of details.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Her dad is kind of racist,” said Seth.
 “He doesn't like that she's dating him because he's not white, and she
 can't tell him why she's doing it, so he thinks it's to annoy him.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yikes.
 I hope her boyfriend can keep from ripping her dad's head off.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's been close, once,” Seth said seriously.
 “It's really hard for some of us to keep our cool.
 We're supposed to protect human life, that's the point of us, but then
 we get all this temper.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is it getting easier over time?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah,” Seth said, “and we can all heal really well and Rachel's been smart
 about making sure that when we're having a hard day we're away from people
 who aren't in the pack.
 I'm handling it okay, better than some people.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “You seem pretty mellow in general.
 You can even stand being around me and the scent of evil, minty flowers.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's good that I can, because now my dad's a vampire too and my mom's...
 going to be,” said Seth, troubled again.
 The point of this walk had been to 
\shape italic
distract
\shape default
 him...
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm hoping I can eventually convince my dad to turn,” I said, instead of
 speculating as to how a half-vampire would smell to a werewolf.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How come?” asked Seth.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, he can't be one of you guys, and he can't be a half-vampire, and
 humans -- regular ones -- are -” Bringing up human mortality seemed like
 a 
\shape italic
bad
\shape default
 conversational topic to the kid with the dying mom, for all that she might
 have a 
\shape italic
better
\shape default
 chance of escaping it than my less-dramatically withering parents.
 “Just not as awesome.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I do like most things about being a wolf,” said Seth philosophically, and
 then he added, “Want to race?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He phased, and we raced up the deserted beach -- I won by a hair.
 Rachel was faster than me, but also faster than most wolves.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I next stopped by to check on Sue, she was worse.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She was worse every time I looked at her, and it managed to surprise me,
 every time.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How about this idea,” I said to Sue, after I'd been kicking about the reservati
on for a little over a week.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If it involves calling your husband, the answer is no,” Sue said sharply.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It doesn't,” I said.
 “Or doesn't have to, anyway.
 But Nahuel was born not just 
\shape italic
healthy
\shape default
, he was 
\shape italic
ambulatory
\shape default
 -- he lived for three whole days without any help or care 
\shape italic
at all
\shape default
 in the middle of the 
\shape italic
jungle
\shape default
 and was perfectly unharmed when Huilen was able to move around again.
 You're out of human blood donors who can safely give you more to drink,
 you're passing out all the time, you have goodness knows how many broken
 ribs -- if it gets your spine or manages to detach the placenta, he could
 wind up killing himself.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm listening,” said Sue guardedly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“C-section,” I said.
 “One big cut, pull the baby out shell and all, and then start turning you
 because even if you magically stopped being pregnant right now I'm not
 sure how you'd hold up long term, as weak as you've gotten.
 I don't have the resources to put you in a coma, but that won't make turning
 ineffective, just more unpleasant.
 Me or Harry can break the shell -- holding breaths as necessary with plenty
 of warning, instead of maybe being surprised by it chewing its way out
 and making the room smell like your blood while we're inhaling.
 The baby will be premature, but it should be okay.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've been pregnant for three weeks now,” Sue said, “out of a pregnancy
 that's supposed to last a month.
 That's not just a little bit premature, that's like inducing labor in the
 second trimester.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“At the 
\shape italic
end
\shape default
 of the second trimester, and -- we don't know how these things decide that
 it's time to start gnawing on their moms,” I said.
 “We 
\shape italic
do
\shape default
 know that Nahuel was not just a 
\shape italic
little
\shape default
 more advanced than a human infant when he was born.
 We 
\shape italic
do
\shape default
 know that your midsection is big enough to hold a pretty good-sized baby,
 or two -- we aren't talking about extracting something two inches long
 without well-defined internal organs.
 Since there's plenty of care available for your baby, if it turns out to
 need it -- it doesn't have to find its own food in the middle of nowhere
 or anything -- I honestly think that it would be safer for both of you
 to operate now rather than deliver it in an emergency later.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sue looked at me suspiciously, and then the baby kicked her again.
 One more tiny snap.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She winced.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fine,” she said under her breath.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The logistics were these: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would perform the cut, with a scalpel pilfered from Carlisle's medical
 kit.
 Harry didn't think he could manage to wield the implement against his wife,
 even for its beneficial purpose.
 Syringes -- full of Harry's venom, not mine -- were at the ready on her
 bedside table.
 When I'd pulled out the shell with the baby in it, I was to break it, while
 Harry would inject her.
 I'd described for his benefit what I'd seen of Ilario's turning, and he
 knew where to aim.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's no anesthesia for the surgery,” Harry fretted, while I was dousing
 the scalpel in rubbing alcohol for a probably-unnecessary sterilization.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Harry,” I said.
 “You're going to 
\shape italic
turn
\shape default
 her.
 If you're going to worry about having no anesthesia, at least worry about
 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
, not a 
\shape italic
cut
\shape default
.” He nodded morosely.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Their children were going to hold onto her arms and legs so she didn't thrash
 too far and throw off my aim.
 After she was shot up with venom, we'd move her to the shack to finish
 up the transformation without human prey nearby.
 She had all the advance information, so there was every reason to expect
 her adjustment to be as smooth as mine.
 Better than Ilario, who'd learned that vampires really 
\shape italic
were
\shape default
 real when he was barely capable of keeping his eyes open; better than Harry,
 who'd known all the myths but placed no stock in any of them until the
 moment his werewolf daughter sprang.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was every reason to be optimistic, but the mood as we assembled in
 that close little room that stank of ill health was a dim one.
 Still, Leah dutifully took hold of her mother's ankles and Seth grabbed
 her wrists.
 I clutched my scalpel, Harry had a syringe in each hand, and we waited
 for Sue to give us the go-ahead.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I held my breath.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the back of my mind, some little voice was screaming, 
\shape italic
This is not the way of things! You are not a doctor! You don't know what
 you're doing at all! You could kill Sue -- you could kill her baby -- Harry's
 never been near human blood at all since turning, what if 
\shape default
he
\shape italic
 reacts to more than the smell and holding his breath won't do? What if
 -- what if -- do a safer thing -- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But this 
\shape italic
was
\shape default
 the safer thing, even if it had me holding a knife, even if it had me acting
 instead of waiting.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And I hushed that little voice, and looked into Sue's eyes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Go,” she said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had no idea what I was doing.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It wasn't 
\shape italic
hard
\shape default
 to cut her open, but I was trying to do it with the sharpness of the scalpel
 more than the brute force that would have let me pry her open with my bare
 hands, and it wasn't a balance I was familiar with.
 It 
\shape italic
was
\shape default
 hard to ignore her labored breathing, her periodic screams, Seth's small
 whine, and the sudden notion that if anything would cause a werewolf to
 phase uncontrollably it 
\shape italic
might
\shape default
 be witnessing their mother inexpertly carved up by a vampire.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd found time to borrow a computer and look up whatever I could on C-sections,
 which told me more than I needed to know about the etymology of the term
 and less than I needed to know to get a half-vampire out of Sue.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The scalpel wasn't sharp enough to cut the shell, so that told me where
 to stop, at least.
 I made a big crescent-shaped incision, not expecting to be able to get
 something roundish and nigh-indestructible out of a straight line.
 When I set down the instrument and tried to grab the shell, trying to hurry,
 and yanked, Sue's entire body jerked up with it.
 The shell was 
\shape italic
embedded
\shape default
.
 I'd let up the pulling soon enough to avoid breaking her spine, but it
 couldn't have been good for her already splintering ribs.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She howled again, and I could hear Leah grinding her teeth.
 I picked up the scalpel again and tried to cut away more flesh from the
 shell, but it was no good, it was stuck on all sides.
 Sue's heart started stuttering, and there was blood everywhere.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If I couldn't get the shell out, I had to open it while it was still attached.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Breathe, Mom,” pleaded Seth, his eyes screwed shut.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My hands were 
\shape italic
strong
\shape default
, but they were not 
\shape italic
sharp
\shape default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My teeth were 
\shape italic
sharp
\shape default
, but they were in my 
\shape italic
mouth
\shape default
, and there was so much blood, and I 
\shape italic
knew
\shape default
 that one taste would be the end of Sue.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I reached over her, pried Harry's mouth open, and ripped one of his canines
 from his gums.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While Harry hissed with pain, I swiped his tooth over the shell, then rinsed
 it in the alcohol I'd used to sterilize the scalpel and handed it back
 to him.
 He put it back in his mouth before any of the non-vampires in the room
 had even figured out what I was doing, and then there was a break in the
 shell that I could force my fingers into and lever open.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Inside was a tiny, warm baby boy with a heartbeat like a buzz, in a bath
 of viscous, clear fluid that smelled a lot like vampire venom.
 Sue started gurgling.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I reached in and picked him up.
 With my reserved air, I told Harry, “Now.” The fluid stung my skin a little,
 but dried quickly when exposed to air and didn't seem to have done any
 permanent damage.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry lifted the first syringe and thrust it into Sue's heart.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cody bit me with his full complement of teeth the moment after his mother
 started howling at the burn of the venom, even as Harry picked up the second
 syringe and emptied it into the secondary pulse points.
 She didn't need to keep still anymore, so Leah and Seth let her go, and
 Harry was holding her instead.
 He told her that he loved her, but couldn't talk much -- until her blood
 was all dry he couldn't replenish his air without leaving her side.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The bite hurt -- a 
\shape italic
lot
\shape default
.
 I jerked Cody's face away from my arm reflexively, and Leah must not have
 liked the way I was handling him, because she grabbed him from me at once.
 I rubbed the tiny double crescent wound on my wrist, which was whitening
 and puffing up with the scarring venom.
 There was not going to be any way to hide that.
 I'd at least have a while to think of stories.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Leah, he's -” I began, but Cody had already chomped on her thumb.
 She dropped him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Leah screamed, which, for someone who had just been bitten by a venomous
 creature, was normal.
 Her thumb was turning green, which was not normal.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was only to be expected that werewolves would react differently to vampire
 venom, and not in a good way.
 I didn't wait to see what would happen if the substance spread: I seized
 Leah's hand and pinched her thumb off.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The severed thumb fell to the floor and Leah phased, snarling; the nightstand
 fell over and a lamp broke when she wound up with a hind leg in the wrong
 place.
 She was missing a digit from the paw corresponding to the one with the
 injured thumb, but it was healing over rapidly, and was not an abnormal
 color.
 She only narrowly missed stepping on her baby brother, who didn't appear
 to have been injured by his fall one bit and was happily staring up at
 her furry neck.
 He picked up the thumb, put it in his mouth, and then discarded it, unintereste
d.
 A burst-open sleeve from Leah's shirt drifted down and landed on his face,
 and he giggled.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Seth, who'd witnessed the entire sequence of events, had the presence of
 mind to drag Cody away from Leah by his feet, preventing him from biting
 again.
 Leah panted, whined, and finally got herself furless again.
 She grabbed the less bloody of the two pillows on the bed to cover herself
 with (the blankets being complete losses).
 Seth, leaving Cody burbling happily on the floor, ran to get her replacements.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sue was not nearly as quiet a turner as Harry had been.
 She screamed, wordlessly, incoherently, possibly even ignorant of Harry's
 presence.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was already going to have to explain one scar, and at least Cody's bites
 wouldn't leave me permanently deprived of any extremities.
 I picked up the baby -- one hand under his head, one under the rest of
 his body, positioning him in a way least likely to present a chewtoy target.
 I carried him out of the blood-soaked room, and downstairs to the bassinet
 that Seth had pulled out of the attic the day before, where I placed him.
 Leah followed me down the stairs, having gotten herself dressed.
 Seth went past us, murmuring, “I'll let everyone know how it went.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you breathe here?” Leah asked me in a low voice.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took a small taste of the air, testing it.
 The smell was faint -- just a few droplets of mostly-dry blood on myself
 and the little of it that wafted down the stairs.
 In a pinch, the fact that Sue was Harry's mate ought to let me pull in
 self-defense instincts the way I had in the Amazon Basin.
 “If I have to,” I told her.
 I heard Harry, presumably with Sue in tow, leaping out the window to carry
 her to the less inhabited shack.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Dad isn't going to want to leave Mom while she's...
 for the next few days,” Leah said.
 “I'm, uh, missing a thumb, now.
 I don't know if I heal well enough to grow it back, especially since it
 looks like it's healing to a stump.
 So I don't think I can really handle Cody until he learns not to bite people.
 Same with Seth.
 And if he bites somebody who's not a wolf they'll just...
 like Mom.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” I said, beginning to guess where she was going with this.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you...
 babysit my brother?” she asked tentatively.
 “Just until Dad can take over.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All you have to do is keep away from his teeth,” I said.
 “He's pretty durable -- more than you are, almost as much as I am.
 I doubt you're going to hurt him if you handle him strangely to avoid getting
 chomped.
 Besides, I'd need to avoid getting bitten too.” I pointed out my new scar.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The risks are different,” insisted Leah.
 “You grabbed Dad's tooth right out of his mouth without explaining -- he
 could've bitten you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If I'd used mine, I would've been too distracted by the pain to make the
 cut carefully until it healed and made it hard to put the tooth back.
 I didn't have enough air to explain my idea so Harry could do it with one
 of my teeth.
 Anyway, he didn't bite me.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But you 
\shape italic
are
\shape default
 in way less danger from a Cody bite,” Leah said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Remember the part where Nahuel lived on his own in the jungle for three
 days until Huilen could take care of him? You could just leave him in the
 bassinet and feed him blood or infant formula or whatever you decide to
 give him, with a long miniature ladle or a baster or something, and count
 his toes once in a while for contact.
 In three days Sue'll be turned and his parents can take care of him, and
 in a week or two he'll be talking and you can tell him that there is No
 Biting Allowed.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cody chose this moment to fall asleep.
 He was a rather cute baby, really.
 He already had a thin dusting of black hair, and he was standard Native
 American colored, not Harry's ecru.
 “Please,” said Leah.
 “I'm missing my 
\shape italic
thumb
\shape default
 -- I mean, thank you for getting it off, otherwise it'd probably be my
 whole arm or I'd be dead or something -- but there's only so many amputations
 I can take.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you do it right you shouldn't need anything else amputated,” I said.
 “I want to go home to my husband.
 I want to go home to my husband 
\shape italic
a week ago
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Damn it, can't you ever do anything that's 
\shape italic
unambiguously
\shape default
 helpful?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took a moment to flip through what things I'd done impacted Leah's life
 and how ambiguous their helpfulness might have seemed.
 Activated her -- and her fiancé, who'd dumped her for her favorite cousin
 as a result.
 Saved her father from the injuries she'd inflicted -- by turning him into
 a vampire and sending him away from home.
 Delivered her baby brother -- by turning her mother, too, when Leah found
 vampires particularly unpleasant to be around.
 Saved her from some unknown green fate when Cody bit her -- by removing
 her thumb.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So I could see why Leah might find my help a little...
 mixed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But that 
\shape italic
didn't
\shape default
 really explain why she wanted me to babysit.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I do tend to leave complications in my wake,” I said.
 “But that doesn't make me a great choice for a nanny.
 Neither does the fact that I'm going stir-crazy over my husband being on
 another continent.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm worried Seth's going to try to pick Cody up if nobody else does, and
 I don't want him getting fanged to death,” Leah said.
 “If one of us 
\shape italic
does
\shape default
 get bitten, and our parents aren't here, and you aren't here, we don't
 have a lot of really fast, clean options for getting the gangrene off.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I threaded my fingers through my hair.
 This was fair.
 Knives existed and werewolves were pretty fast, but there would still be
 a few extra seconds of spreading venom, and some precision sacrificed if
 they hurried.
 “Seth isn't stupid,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But he's a kid,” said Leah.
 “Which means he sometimes acts stupider than he is.
 Do you really think he's not going to try to put his old baby clothes on
 Cody, even if it means putting his hands too near those teeth?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I could see Seth doing that.
 “So what you really want me to do is stop Seth from trying to babysit Cody,
 rather than babysit Cody myself.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, you could do it by making Seth unnecessary,” Leah said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Leah, I want to go 
\shape italic
home
\shape default
.
 I want to say goodbye to my dad, buy plane tickets, and go try to find
 a way to tell my husband that we can possibly have our own baby without
 killing our surrogate, without explaining about Cody in particular.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wait, what? You're going to do this again?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If the surrogate, who wants to be a vampire anyway, agrees, I'm going to
 do it again, yes -- surrounded by well-equipped doctors who know what's
 going on with anesthetics all ready to go.
 Old, experienced vampire doctors, who have the advance expectation of the
 C-section and the knowledge that the shell's attached to the walls of the
 uterus and whatnot.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay...” said Leah.
 “So you won't help?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If 
\shape italic
helping
\shape default
 here means spending more than another half hour or so not taking steps
 to go home, and it's not a real emergency -- sorry, going to have to say
 no,” I said apologetically.
 “If 
\shape italic
helping
\shape default
 means giving you a couple hundred dollars for baby stuff, or answering
 a couple quick questions about vampires or half-vampires, or killing a
 couple elk and harvesting their blood for your baby brother so you don't
 have to do more of that for a couple days, that's fine, that's quick, but
 that's not what you seem to want.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I do have one question,” Leah said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Shoot.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's...
 Dad wouldn't tell us anything about what turning was like.
 And now Mom's in the middle of it.
 What's happening to her?” Leah paused.
 “Do I even want to know?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You probably don't,” I said.
 “It's not something you'll need to prepare for yourself, obviously.
 But remember -- when it's over, it's over.
 In a few days she'll be fine, it's not the same as if the same sensation
 were somehow inflicted on someone who was all human throughout.
 Beyond turning her into a vampire it's not that much of a life-altering
 experience.
 In a few more days she'll be fit for mortal company -- your dad will be
 able to bring Cody to see her sooner than that; he doesn't smell like food
 or like a danger the way Billy or you would, respectively.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He does smell sort of nice,” Leah agreed absently, looking at the sleeping
 baby.
 “Like fruit, maybe.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, if he smells like food to 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
, that's way less dangerous than if he smelled like food to either of your
 parents,” I said.
 “The sorts of provocations that make a wolf go berserk aren't the same
 ones that affect a young vampire.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's he smell like to you?” asked Leah.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why are you stalling me? You have, or can get, my e-mail address,” I said.
 “They have Internet in Norway.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Leah seemed stumped by this question.
 Finally, she said, “Rachel's been the one keeping in touch with you on
 behalf of the whole pack.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That doesn't mean you can't too, if you feel like it,” I said, shrugging.
 “I would need a lot more pen pals before e-mail would start to take up
 a significant chunk of my time -- I can read a screen of text almost instantly
 and type a few hundred words per minute.
 Although I'm sort of puzzled about why you'd want to talk to me at all.
 Rachel told me to stay far away from you because I was a `herald of all
 things awful in your life', after Sam imprinted.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's exactly why I want to talk to you,” she burst out.
 “After Sam imprinted, I couldn't talk to anybody in the pack, because they
 were all basically on his 
\shape italic
side
\shape default
, as if I couldn't feel what he felt about Emily too and as if everyone
 else couldn't feel what 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 was going through.
 Even Seth! But I could talk to Emily.
 But then we had 
\shape italic
one stupid fight
\shape default
 about her borrowing my 
\shape italic
shampoo
\shape default
, of all the things we could have fought about, and she ran to Sam and we're
 only starting to carefully be acquaintances and we're never going to be
 best friends again, ever.
 So I talked to Mom, but that wasn't that great to begin with because 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 was the reason 
\shape italic
her
\shape default
 husband was gone in the first place, and then it turns out that she's been
 seeing him in secret for weeks, and now they're going to be hunky-dory
 forever.
 Who am I going to talk to? Somebody too old to phase? Somebody who hasn't
 got the gene who doesn't really 
\shape italic
get
\shape default
 things even if they have them explained fifty times?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So...
 I'm outside the situation enough that you can talk to me, but close enough
 to it that you don't have to keep awkward secrets or talk across gaps of
 understanding?” I filled in, tilting my head.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah.
 It's just barely enough to make up for the stench you've got.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I also have a phone,” I said.
 “I presume you can't smell me through it.
 But you shouldn't call it -- you won't be able to tell when I'm alone.
 If you don't like e-mail, I'm willing to call you once a while to talk.
 But not in the next day, which I hope to spend mostly on a series of planes,
 if you don't mind.
 I really, 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 want to go home.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is it like when the guys have to go a while without their imprints?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sort of,” I said, “but it goes in both directions.
 So not only am I standing here kind of inclined to curl up in a ball and
 whine because Edward's not here, I 
\shape italic
also
\shape default
 know perfectly well that 
\shape italic
he
\shape default
 is in 
\shape italic
Scandinavia
\shape default
 feeling the exact same way and I don't 
\shape italic
like
\shape default
 that.
 He doesn't even understand 
\shape italic
why
\shape default
 I had to leave him alone.
 He's just trusting that it's something very important that he can't know
 about.
 Are we done? Can I go?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sure,” said Leah.
 “Sorry.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I did not feel that I needed any further permission from Leah to leave.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Seth and I passed each other while I left his house.
 I asked him if he knew where Charlie was, and he directed me to Billy's
 house.
 I walked right in without knocking -- the door was half-open -- and announced
 that I was leaving.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So soon, Bells?” Charlie asked, while Billy looked at me with a guarded,
 but not hostile, expression.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, I'd really like to get home,” I replied.
 “I'm sure some crisis or other will come up here that calls for my presence
 soon enough, and if nothing else, now that you know what the story is I
 may be able to visit just to visit -- but for shorter periods, at least
 until Edward gets in on the secret one way or another and I can bring him
 along.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is that healthy, to be so...
 attached to him?” Charlie asked.
 He'd been caught up on the fine details of vampire psychology over the
 previous week, but still asked questions like that sometimes.
 I half expected him to ask if I'd ever tried to stop being a vampire.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's not really a useful question, since the attachment's not going away,”
 I said, “and I wouldn't wish it away, if it could.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fair enough,” sighed Charlie.
 “Keep in touch, Bells.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I will.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I gave Billy a cordial nod, which he returned, and then went back outdoors,
 where I called Edward to find out where he was.
 This check-in turned, predictably enough, into a long conversation during
 which I ran all the way to the airport.
 Once there, I booked tickets to Helsinki and caught my plane.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward met me at the airport in Helsinki.
 The next six days were spent in a lovely, if rushed, tour of Scandinavia;
 we hit all the major tourist attractions and a few minor ones so I could
 account for having been gone as long as I had.
 I learned bits and pieces of Swedish and Finnish.
 I was able to go about in public without contact lenses, as my eyes were
 entirely amber: an unusual color, but not one unheard of in humans.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Edward noticed, stared at, and kissed the small bite marks on my wrist,
 but didn't ask.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our travels went in a loosely westerly direction, and finally we drove up
 to our home.
 I wore extra-long sleeves to at least postpone the rest of the family's
 discovering that I had been bitten by a small venomous creature.
 There had been no good way to hide it from Edward, but nobody else inspected
 me with such regularity and thoroughness.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first thing I noticed when we approached the house was the singing.
 It was Maggie, crooning something in Gaelic.
 She had a splendid voice; I could understand why Alice had predicted Gianna
 would appreciate it.
 When I got out of the car and looked, the Irish vampire -- still gold-eyed
 -- was sitting on a picnic blanket with Gianna in the backyard.
 The human was eating a sandwich, and looking at Maggie with considerably
 less ambivalence than she'd displayed when I'd last seen them together.
 The blush was still present, though.
 Maggie was entirely unselfconscious (not to mention incapable of blushing),
 and seemed confident in her voice and glad to be entertaining the object
 of her affection.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was all so cute that I almost could have missed the patchwork of bruises
 spotting Gianna's skin.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hadn't tried to handle any humans since becoming a vampire except Harry,
 who'd been starting to turn before I picked him up, and Sue, who I'd had
 every intention of grievously injuring to begin with.
 I didn't really know how hard it was, but it didn't seem like it could
 be 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
 difficult -- couldn't Maggie press too hard 
\shape italic
once
\shape default
, calibrate Gianna's fragility, and then back off enough to avoid the injury?
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It didn't look like that was what had happened.
 The contusions were of a variety of ages -- some hours old, still dark,
 and others yellowing.
 I didn't see any casts, splints, or even bandages, so the damage was limited,
 but there were so 
\shape italic
many
\shape default
 bruises.
 I hadn't gotten one from Edward while I'd been human, that I recalled.
 Then again, I'd been clumsy enough that I'd been accustomed to having a
 variety of small injuries that I didn't necessarily remember getting...
 but I hadn't looked like I'd been 
\shape italic
painted
\shape default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, the fact that Maggie was not quite gentle enough with Gianna didn't
 seem to have prevented them from growing adorably close or caused Ilario
 to break Maggie into gravel, so I decided that it wasn't any of my business.
 Maggie finished her song, then briefly deigned to pay attention to Edward
 and me.
 “Welcome home!” she called to us.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thanks!” I called back.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That was all Maggie had in her attention span for persons not Gianna, and
 she started another song.
 This one seemed to be in English, but it was so archaic, heavily accented,
 and full of regionalisms that I could make out about one word in three.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We checked in with the others of the family; everyone could have heard the
 car pulling up and seen us out the window or heard me speak to Maggie,
 but it was polite to speak face-to-face.
 I also had an interest in seeing whether Jasper remained distant and cool
 towards me.
 Harry had become less disconcerted by my unrecognizeability.
 I hoped that it wouldn't cause a more lasting rift between me and Jasper.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jasper was edgy, but not obviously upset.
 More tellingly, Edward seemed calm in talking to him, so he couldn't be
 thinking daggers at me.
 Alice complained good-naturedly that I'd gone invisible for longer than
 ever while away: “More than a week! But only when you weren't with Edward,
 for some reason,” she said.
 “Maybe you're influenced enough by his decisions that it sheds light on
 what you're going to do, when you're together?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I should have thought of that.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice couldn't see what 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 was doing if it involved wolves, but if she looked for 
\shape italic
Edward
\shape default
, and we weren't together, she'd find him easily.
 I could only be glad that she didn't make a habit of supervising him twenty-fou
r hours a day and would assume that we were together during most unobserved
 hours -- she'd probably already seen a suspicious amount of Edward all
 by himself wandering Scandinavia as though alone.
 Which he had been.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Damn
\shape default
 Harry's carelessness.
 He could have announced to Eleazar in August that he wanted to move out
 to an unspecified location, and then Tanya wouldn't have called Carlisle
 and Alice wouldn't have looked for him.
 He could have 
\shape italic
asked
\shape default
 someone, anyone, me or any other Cullen, whether it was safe for him to
 make love to his wife as though he hadn't just been turned into a vampire.
 If he'd gotten Sue pregnant anyway, I'd still have needed to travel to
 help out, but I would have had better information and timed accordingly
 -- once I'd had the C-section idea I could have planned to be there for
 only a day or two.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alice didn't seem suspicious, though, just gently teasing.
 I laughed, made a joke about how I couldn't concentrate on keeping my shield
 up nearly as well with Edward around, and excused us to our cottage.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When we got there, I said without preamble, “I think we might be able to
 safely have a half-vampire baby.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
*** 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What? How
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Edward began, and then he shook his head.
 “What can you tell me?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I bit my lip.
 I 
\shape italic
hated
\shape default
 not being able to tell him things.
 Hating that in and of itself, when it was in my power to tell all, was
 dangerous.
 So I hated Aro, instead.
 Once he was out of the picture I wouldn't need to.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I almost wished that Edward would just demand an explanation of me, making
 it so hard to keep the assorted secrets that I could judge it not worth
 the trouble.
 Or that he'd stumble across something, as Charlie had.
 But if I truly wished that I might as well spill all the beans -- and that
 wasn't the best thing to do.
 I already had a little itch of worry in the back of my mind about the danger
 Charlie had walked into, although the wolves would look out for him if
 they could.
 Better not to add a similar one about Edward.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I had an idea,” I said, which was true.
 “Caesarean section -- early in the pregnancy.
 Gianna probably couldn't expect to live through a whole month, but she
 could likely manage three weeks or so, especially if we turned her right
 after.
 And Nahuel was a really healthy baby when he was born.
 He had nobody taking care of him for three days and he was fine.
 A preemie half-vampire would probably be no more vulnerable than, say,
 a full-term or slightly early human baby, and would catch up quickly, as
 fast as they grow.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That sounds sensible,” said Edward, lighting up.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“One thing that has me worried is all those bruises, though,” I said, as
 it occurred to me that they could in this sense be my business.
 “I'm guessing Maggie hasn't broken any bones or anything, since Gianna
 wasn't taped up that I could see, but having a lot of extra healing to
 do while trying to carry a half-vampire is...
 I don't know how it'd interact, but it couldn't be in a 
\shape italic
good
\shape default
 way.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I haven't been keeping up to date on that,” Edward said.
 “But some of the bruises did look new, so if Maggie's getting more careful,
 it's not happening very fast.
 It's something we'd need to discuss with Gianna at least, and Maggie too,
 most likely.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She'll probably need human blood to drink during the pregnancy,” I said.
 “Nahuel can live on whatever if he decides to, but fetuses don't have that
 kind of volition...” I went on walking him through all the steps, including
 the possibility that the shell would only be vulnerable to vampire teeth
 and that it could grow attached to the uterus.
 I didn't pull in any evidence that I could 
\shape italic
only
\shape default
 have gotten from Sue, although some of the mental leaps were a little tenuous
 and I had to frame everything with uncertainty.
 It wasn't obvious if Edward connected the dots (the blinking neon dots
 labeled “connect me!”), but he didn't mention it if he did.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Night fell, and Gianna was presumably asleep, so we put off bringing the
 subject up with her until the next morning.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
