#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{24}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Traveler
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'd never 
\shape italic
met
\shape default
 them, but I recognized them from the Volturi's memories -- and their own,
 though they were thousands of years distant: Stefan and Vladimir, the previous
 rulers of the vampire world, deposed by the Volturi.
 They were a pair of small men, no taller than me, Vladimir with ashy pale
 hair and Stefan with dark brown.
 Other than that they were very much alike, looking out on the world through
 narrow burgundy eyes, and each with a less pronounced version of the powdery
 complexions shared by Aro, Caius, Marcus, Athenodora, and Sulpicia.
 Since the most recent recollection I had of them, though, they'd shed the
 flimsy cataracts over their eyes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had no idea what they were doing in Belfast, but they were standing around
 with the British and Irish vampires peaceably enough, so I opened the car
 door, closed it gently to let Jake sleep, and gingerly approached.
 They were both wearing black, conservative clothing that wouldn't look
 too out of place in the modern day, but resembled more ancient styling.
 “Good morning,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ah,” said Stefan.
 “She wakes.” His voice sounded dusty and light.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Every morning,” I replied.
 “Why are you here? How did you know about the meeting?” I glanced around
 at the other vampires who were still in attendance; it seemed that overnight,
 our visitors from Cardiff, Oxford, Liverpool, and Manchester had all gone
 home.
 We still had the covens from the Isle of Wight, London, Bristol, and Manchester
, the Scottish representative, and the Manx vampire, plus the Romanian newcomers.
 And Cath, who was hanging on Ilario with her arms looped over his shoulders
 and looking at him in a way I could only describe as 
\shape italic
gooey
\shape default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“One hears whispers,” said Vladimir, negligently waving a hand.
 He spoke as lightly as his covenmate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We are here to witness the downfall of the Volturi,” Stefan put in.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And help, if we can,” Vladimir said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, how nice,” I said.
 “But who told you where to find us?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Give up, Elspeth,” said Maggie, sounding implausibly tired.
 “They're not telling.
 I did confirm that they're only here because they loathe the Volturi and
 want to assist or at least watch the proceedings, and that they don't particula
rly want to hurt any of us, and that they're not interested in ruling the
 world again with the state it's gotten into.
 It was probably only the gossip from
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Newcastle,” I finished, nodding.
 “Did you not hear about the gathering in Denali?” I asked the Romanians.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We heard,” said Stefan.
 “We were not interested.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Carlisle -- do you refer to him as your grandfather?” Vladimir said, and
 I nodded and he went on.
 “Your grandfather cannot have any honest hope of winning in a direct confrontat
ion against the Volturi, operating as he is.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It would not be likely to go well with him even if his coven had not taken
 so many losses to the Italians' corresponding gains, although then we might
 have attended in case we were mistaken...” Stefan continued languidly, pursing
 his lips.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But as it is, he can only be hoping to die publicly and tragically and
 arouse sympathy or paranoia in those who did not stand with him,” said
 Vladimir.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If he managed that,” Stefan said, “we would help whoever massed a more
 plausible effort...
 but it seems we do not need to wait for the Volturi to get around to crushing
 him.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It was particularly vindicating to learn of his cousins' betrayal,” remarked
 Vladimir.
 “I do not know how often the Volturi remember us...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Caius usually remembers you exist once a year on the anniversary of the
 day you were defeated,” I said helpfully.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Vladimir blinked at me, unimpressed.
 “Fascinating.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Stefan cut in.
 “At any rate, we have no desire to remind them without a significant chance
 that they will be defeated.
 We think this gathering, or what it leads to, might provide that.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Most particularly due to the involvement of Siobhan, whose possession of
 a gift we are told has been confirmed recently,” Vladimir said.
 “It was mere speculation before.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, that's smart,” I said.
 “Not getting attention, I mean, since Aro only left you alive because he
 thought it would be harmless and funny
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Stefan growled softly, and Maggie said, “Elspeth, maybe quit with the color
 commentary.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Vladimir nodded graciously once in Maggie's direction, then looked back
 at me.
 “We've heard something of your exploits,” he said, “Elspeth.
 You've broken out of the Volturi compound 
\shape italic
twice
\shape default
 now, haven't you?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I had help both times -- the second time I wasn't even lucid
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I demurred.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Still,” said Stefan loftily, “an impressive achievement.
 And you can reverse some of the web-witch's damage...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Chelsea? Only in myself and my -- my wolf -- so far,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Nevertheless, a tool,” murmured Vladimir.
 “We did not have a resource like Chelsea in our day...
 we were obliged to manage things...
 differently.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know,” I said.
 The Romanians had ruled by elaborate political finesse and intimidation,
 mostly.
 They'd controlled several manageably-sized, geographically far-flung covens
 of soldiers, who got along well enough to work together temporarily in
 a crisis but otherwise had little to do with each other.
 These covens weren't all satisfied with the situation, but they had a coordinat
ion problem on their hands if they ever wanted to overthrow the kings, and
 never managed it.
 That had taken the Volturi -- armed with Alec and Jane.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Stefan and Vladimir themselves had migrated around a network of castles.
 It was actually something of an exaggeration to claim that they ruled the
 entire vampire world; they rarely went as far as the Americas, and only
 occasionally checked on Africa.
 (Australia was known to vampires then, who undertook nothing particularly
 hazardous in attempting to swim wherever they wished and visited a lot
 of islands before industrialized human civilization did; however, no vampires
 had settled on the island that early on.
 In fact, from what Memory pieced together for me, Joham would probably
 have been among the first vampires to spend any appreciable time down under.
 It was where he first started trying to father half-vampire children, although
 he moved on later.) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, the Romanians never bothered with enforcing most of the rules the
 Volturi had invented -- in fact, they publicized their natures to the local
 humans instead of relying on secrecy -- and so they rarely had much ruling
 to do, apart from quelling territory wars that got out of hand and threatened
 to destroy the surrounding human infrastructure.
 (Said infrastructure being necessary to keep the food supply relatively
 stable, of course.) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When it was called for, though, they were also formidable combatants.
 Witches had been harder to come by back then.
 Addy had noticed an uptick in the witch population over her own lifetime;
 she attributed it entirely to population growth and extended lifespans
 giving witches more chance to crop up and more chance to live to discover
 their gifts.
 But during the Romanians' reign, they'd been almost unheard of and were
 rarely worth tactical consideration.
 Brute force and the vampire equivalents of martial arts were the typical
 tools.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At a guess, unless they'd deteriorated somehow since their defeat, either
 of the two could beat Siobhan in a fair fight -- despite neither having
 witchcraft, neither being more than half her size, 
\shape italic
and
\shape default
 the disadvantage their brittler skin conferred.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The skin condition was...
 strange.
 The top layer of skin had “died“, I remembered from their memories and
 the Volturi's when they'd investigated the phenomenon, and while it wasn't
 any easier to make it come off than it was to remove chips of normal vampire
 skin, once it 
\shape italic
was
\shape default
 broken it wouldn't heal back properly.
 That also meant that if they lost extremities and reattached them, the
 outer skin wouldn't knit, leaving a sort of scar and introducing a weakness
 at the fracture point.
 Vladimir had discovered this when he'd been temporarily deprived of a toe.
 They didn't know why it happened, but all my memories showed it only on
 the Romanians and the Volturi, no one else.
 The cataracts (cosmetic only, causing no deterioration in vision, but they
 hadn't attempted to discover if it made eye healing more difficult) were
 similar -- but to look at Stefan and Vladimir now, apparently reversible.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While Memory sorted out all this background information, the Romanians lost
 interest in me and stalked off to listen in on a conversation going on
 between several of the Brits.
 I turned to Maggie.
 “Did I miss anything else interesting overnight?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I saw you looking about and taking roll, so I won't repeat the list of
 who's gone and who's stayed,” Maggie said.
 “I made the ones who went away all tell me they weren't going to head for
 the Volturi about it.
 They could change their minds but not soon -- if they were 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
 changeable they couldn't have said it without at least wobbling a bit to
 my hearing.
 Actually Cardiff Bint told me she was going to head straight for Italy
 and she was lying like a rug, but it comes to the same thing, I suppose.
 Everybody still here is agreed on ousting the Volturi if we can pull it
 off, and our Scottish friend has called his coven and they're calling the
 other covens and should be here all nine in less than an hour from now.
 No e-mail from your mum, at least not yet.
 Siobhan has decided we can't risk trying to get David or Edward out of
 Volterra, so the next step'll be to get you safely in touch with the Denalis
 and seeing if you can bring them around without having David there.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I said.
 “How are we going to do that?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Talk to Siobhan about it and we can all find out,” Maggie said.
 “She's waiting for some info from you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I made a grumbling noise.
 “When do I get to blast her?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She was saying something about how it would be most convenient to do her
 recovering on the way to Denali, presumably on an airplane since you and
 your wolf can't swim it and probably neither can a comatose Siobhan,” Maggie
 replied.
 “We're probably going to all go there rather than hauling the folks there
 over here, not least because the Denalis will probably be most useful if
 they keep up appearances with the Volturi for as long as possible and suddenly
 flying to Ireland woud not accomplish that.
 Plan may or may not involve Ilario calling Carlisle and pretending that
 he changed his mind and wants to join up.
 It'd be him over Siobhan and Liam, who we don't want the Volturi considering
 involved until it can't go any other way, and over me and Gianna who --
 you know and Carlisle knows why we turned him down the first time.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I asked, 
\shape italic
Did Ilario tell Cath about Molly?
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” Maggie muttered under her breath, “but he's come damn precariously
 close a couple times.
 God, I wish I'd rescheduled the last time I'd visited her so he could have
 come along then.
 Look at them.
 Bloody disgusting.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I glanced back over at the happy pair.
 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 thought they were sort of cute, albeit maybe to excess -- Ilario kept adjusting
 Cath's hair, which made her giggle every time he did it, and they didn't
 seem to be able to go for five consecutive seconds without kissing, which
 made their attempts at conversation very sporadic.
 Cath looked up at Ilario like she was vividly contemplating hauling him
 off somewhere private, again, and the rumpled state of their clothes and
 the fact that Cath had a couple of twigs in her ponytail made me suspect
 that she had failed to resist this impulse a few times overnight.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked back at Maggie.
 “You realize that you were pretty far gone when you met Gianna, too.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, I know, but I didn't 
\shape italic
hang
\shape default
 on her like that,” groused Maggie.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I diplomatically refrained from pointing out that she'd suffered from practical
 limitations due to Gianna's human fragility.
 “I'm not even sure why you're so annoyed by this,” I said.
 “You like Cath.
 You like Ilario.
 Why wouldn't you like them together?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I 
\shape italic
like
\shape default
 Cath,” muttered Maggie, “but.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Is it about Molly?
\shape default
 I guessed.
 
\shape italic
I realize Molly's very vulnerable, but there's not actually a 
\shape default
reason
\shape italic
 for any vampires to hurt her unless it's to get at you or Gianna, or Ilario.
 Hardly any of them eat children, just for reasons of blood volume.

\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That doesn't stop me from worrying,” Maggie answered.
 “And Gianna...
 I called last night and she said she was happy for them, and I hauled Ilario
 away from Cath long enough to make him talk to her too, but for a long
 time all Gianna had in her life was Ilario.
 And now she can't remember most of it.
 She wrote a few things down, but that's just stuff like what year she lived
 in which apartment, not the little day-to-day stuff that life's mostly
 made of.
 I don't want her to lose her brother.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did he lose his sister when you came along?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” Maggie said.
 “But maybe he did when she turned, after she was mated to me like I was
 to her and she started forgetting...
 I'm not sure.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Something occurred to me.
 “Aro read Gianna, while she worked for the Volturi,” I said.
 “I don't have 
\shape italic
everything
\shape default
 from when she was human, since she left, but most of her memories, before
 it had a chance to get overwritten with vampire ones, he read.
 And that means I can give them back to her.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie blinked at me.
 “You're a 
\shape italic
genius
\shape default
,” she crowed, lunging forward to hug me.
 “I don't know if Siobhan would give us the few hours it'd take to haul
 you to Wexford and back and do that now -- but they'll keep, right?” I
 nodded, and Maggie hugged me tighter and then let me go, a grin on her
 face.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's that like, anyway,” I asked Maggie, “barely remembering being human?”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bit odd,” Maggie conceded.
 “I know the major things.
 I know my mum died when she had my little brother, and I assume I was sad
 but I can't remember what it felt like.
 Maybe that's because I was four, though.
 And I know I didn't at all like my brother's wife when he got married later,
 but I can't really 
\shape italic
remember
\shape default
 what her name was -- I learned it like I'd never heard it before, when
 I found my family in that one book doing my genealogy research.
 I know I was eldest of three and fought with my sister all the time but
 I can't remember her face.
 I know I loved my da until he died, though I can't recall what killed him
 or what particularly I loved about him.
 I know I went to England to get away from the famine but not how I felt
 about that.
 I think I worked in a laundry or something tiresome like that once I got
 there.
 Cath told me about how she found me.
 Some bloke was chatting me up while I was at market one day, and he told
 me he wasn't married and that was a foul lie and I called him out on it.
 Cath was watching the street from up in a flat she kept while she worked
 on one of her vast overcomplicated embroidery projects.
 Doesn't like trying to sew homeless; gets her supplies all messy.
 Anyway, she thought I was maybe a witch, tracked me down later, bit me
 right on the neck without much ceremony and stuffed my mouth with a skein
 of yarn while I changed to keep me from bothering her neighbors overmuch.
 I woke up and she had lunch ready for me.
 Same bloke who'd been chatting me up, actually, she thought I'd find that
 charming -- but she had to tell me who he was after I ate him; I had no
 idea.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But some things stick,” I said.
 “You've got the Irish accent still.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie coughed and said, in flawless Received Pronunciation, “I can put
 on any accent I like.” Then, sounding like she was from the middle of Kansas,
 she added, “But it's true, I woke up from the turning and talked as I always
 had.
 That's how I sound when I'm not paying any attention, and how I usually
 choose to sound.
 I didn't unconsciously pick up a Swindon-appropriate accent just because
 I was “brought up” there.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your usual accent suits you,” I said, and Maggie smiled merrily at me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth!” Siobhan called from across the clearing in the park.
 She was standing close to the vampire from the Isle of Man.
 I trotted over.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you know who Nathan here is?” Siobhan asked, indicating the man with
 her.
 He was blonde, and also the only vampire I'd ever (personally) seen maintaining
 facial hair -- he had a tidy little mustache.
 (Memory was able to inform me of a handful of other vampires with beards
 or mustaches or both, and one who kept sideburns, but they were surprisingly
 few -- Memory suggested that the pattern was that they did not wish to
 deal with the inconvenience of getting blood in their whiskers, which were
 more difficult to clean than a shaved face.) “Via any of your absorptions,
 I mean, I know you heard the greeting when he showed up here.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked.
 “No, I don't seem to.
 I just know from last night that he's the Manx.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You can tell,” Nathan said, “because I have no tail.” I giggled and he smiled
 roguishly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan frowned.
 “Well, nonetheless,” she said, “he's just admitted to hunting in Ireland
 on occasion, and he isn't taking my threat to kill him very seriously.
 You're a little hard to dismiss, Elspeth; do me a favor and tell him your
 honest assessment of how likely I am to be able to do that.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked at the smiling mustache-wearing vampire.
 “Are you any kind of witch?” I asked Nathan.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, no,” he said, “not at all.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Liar!” yelled Maggie in our direction.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What kind of witch are you?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wouldn't you like to know?” Nathan said, grinning.
 “I'll tell you this -- I've been hunting in Ireland at least once a year
 for the last hundred, and Siobhan's never caught me, and I still dared
 turn up at her gathering.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It could be important,” I said.
 “Don't you want to help? Maggie said everyone here agreed to help.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He shrugged.
 “I want to help, but I don't think telling you this would do that.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Siobhan makes magic plans,” I said.
 “How can she plan around you being a witch if she doesn't know what you
 do?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I wouldn't like her to plan around it,” Nathan chuckled.
 “It'd interfere.” He winked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I glanced between him and the frowning Siobhan.
 “Well,” I said, “I don't know how you've avoided getting caught this long.
 But if you're going to help, and Siobhan not killing you relies on her
 not knowing what your witchcraft is, you're probably in trouble, because
 Eleazar from Denali can sense witch powers.
 And we might also run into Addy again, and she can taste them.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, when the time comes, then I guess I'll be in trouble,” he said mildly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan rolled her eyes and made a shooing gesture at him.
 “Get gone,” she muttered.
 He ambled away and started whistling, although he didn't go far and she
 didn't seem to mean for him to.
 “I 
\shape italic
knew
\shape default
 he'd been to Ireland uninvited, I just could never quite manage to be where
 he hunted when he was...
 Anyway.
 My current plan is that Ilario be peeled away from Cath long enough to
 phone Carlisle and announce a desire to join the Denali resistance.
 He asks to be met at the airport by the people there we actually trust,
 namely your grandparents or aunt and uncle.
 He brings you with him, and me.
 You'll blast me once we're on the airplane so I spend the downtime usefully
 coming out of my coma.
 And possibly others will be on the same flight, probably Cath who won't
 like to leave Ilario and your wolf who won't like to leave you and Liam
 who can look after me while I'm living thoroughly in the past.
 We should go in the cargo hold, since getting ID on short notice would
 be intractable.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “Everybody else swims and runs over?” I guessed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let me finish.
 Ilario asks to be met at the airport.
 Carlisle or Esme or Emmett or Rosalie or some combination show up to meet
 him, and, surprise, you're there too.
 You tell them the whole story.
 Spend the flight composing a good summary to throw at them in an instant,
 maybe.
 They give us more up-to-date information about what's going on with their
 cousins, and help think of a way get the four of them all in one place
 at one time without the opportunity to drop a note about it to the Volturi.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“One problem,” I said.
 “If the Volturi hear from the Denalis that Ilario's joining up...” 
\shape italic
That might put Molly in harm's way,
\shape default
 I finished silently, mindful of all the vampires milling about.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm,” said Siobhan.
 “Very well, then, we get Cath to call; she doesn't share that property.
 She says she heard from Maggie, 
\shape italic
she
\shape default
 wants to help, etcetera etcetera, and wants one of your relations to meet
 her at the airport because Maggie has such nice things to say about them
 but she has never met the others and would prefer to see as familiar a
 face as possible.
 Any problems there?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I couldn't think of any, and shook my head.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You work your magic -- literally and figuratively -- on your cousins,”
 Siobhan continued.
 “And from there we'll need input from your family to figure out how to
 proceed, but I'll be there -- blasted, moreover, so you won't need to be
 consulted so often, I'm sure you'll be pleased to know.
 Meanwhile, all the Brits and the Manx interloper, and our Romanian additions,
 and Maggie, are waiting here -- it wouldn't work so well to have them all
 in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean when we decide we, say, want to launch
 a full frontal assault on Volterra, unlikely though that is.
 They wait here, and can sneak onto airplanes or jump into the sea or whatever
 else needs doing when the time is right.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're going to let them all wait on your island?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“By “here” I mean the 
\shape italic
general
\shape default
 vicinity.
 I think they should probably be located closer to London.
 It's got more air traffic to hitch rides on, with the added benefit of
 not being -- as you say -- on my island,” Siobhan said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded slowly, examining the plan.
 “I think that works...
 as far as it goes.
 It's a big blank spot after we get the Denalis on board, assuming we even
 succeed there...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's because there are fourteen people in Denali, and some of them you
 weren't able to tell me much about,” said Siobhan.
 “I'll consult them and figure out how to plan for them once we're there.
 I'm not likely to suddenly come up empty.” I nodded.
 “One more thing,” Siobhan said.
 “If I'm not out of my coma by the time we land in Alaska, I want you to
 try to bring me out of it.
 Transmit some of what you did with your “subagent” -- I realize that's
 probably at least partly dependent on your magic, but you were able to
 de-Chelsea your wolf pretty effectively without having tried it before.
 You can clearly use your power intuitively for novel purposes at least
 some of the time.
 It's worth a shot if I'm taking too long.
 Understood?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Over the next half hour, the Scottish representative's coven and their allies
 arrived; Jake woke up; Siobhan explained the plan to everyone present;
 Cath was successfully induced to (briefly) disentangle herself from Ilario
 and make a phone call while everyone was very quiet; the phone call went
 as smoothly as predicted; everyone except for her and Ilario and me and
 Jake and Siobhan and Liam made for the water to swim back to Britain and
 make their way to London; and the six of us got into Maggie's car to go
 to the airport, Liam in the driver's seat so Siobhan could close her eyes
 meditatively beside him.
 (I sat on Jake's lap again, which meant that technically Cath did not 
\shape italic
need
\shape default
 to sit on Ilario, but she didn't appear to find the middle of the backseat
 as appealing.) We stopped for a few minutes to pick up enough food to tide
 me and Jake over for the day, then wound up parked a couple of blocks away
 from the airport.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was cloudy, so the vampires just carried instead of wearing the emergency
 hoodies and gloves stashed in the car's trunk.
 We snuck into the belly of an airplane with surprisingly little fanfare
 and no death at all.
 Ilario checked which flights were which on his phone so we knew which aircraft
 to get in, and then we just made a run for it.
 Without phasing, a surefire attention-getter, Jake was much slower than
 any of us.
 Siobhan convinced him to let Liam carry him, citing danger for me if his
 pace got us noticed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Once the hatch to the cargo hold was closed, Siobhan looked at me and said,
 “Go ahead, then.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I scrunched my eyes shut, let everything in my mind blur together into one
 solid packet to fling all in a single go, and blasted her.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
