#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{24}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Lover
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan didn't let up for the entire ride up to Belfast.
 During the two hours in the car, we established the following: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
According to Addy's best and most recent information, the Denalis were communica
ting with the Volturi by text and e-mail, easier to keep unobtrusive in
 a group of vampires than voice calls.
 This meant that if I managed to make an entrance when Kate, Tanya, Eleazar,
 and Carmen were all in the same room with me, they wouldn't have a chance
 to contact the Volturi without being spotted trying to do so.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
David was being kept in much the same way as my father: in bits most of
 the time, fed occasionally under Alec's supervision.
 (It occurred to me to wonder if David would find his susceptibility to
 human blood affected by what they were feeding him, since he'd never eaten
 it before, but wouldn't be able to taste it while Alec was keeping him
 senseless.) Chelsea hadn't bothered to cut his ties to his family, mostly
 since the promise of his safe and relatively unharmed return was helping
 to keep them in line, but she'd been doing some minor work to “improve
 his attitude” about the Volturi themselves so he wouldn't be a likely liability
 in the future.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Denalis had originally agreed to help the Volturi when David was home,
 safe, and intact, so his return wouldn't 
\shape italic
necessarily
\shape default
 change their minds, although it would help if we found a way to pull it
 off.
 The fact that we were more kindly disposed towards him than the Volturi
 was also a point in our favor...
 but the fact that the Volturi had proven willing to release non-threats
 like Peter and Charlotte was a point against.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan thought to ask if I thought David would forgive Kate; I had almost
 no way to figure that out, since Irina had known him only briefly before
 her death and all my other reads were from before he'd even turned, but
 based on my own childhood I hazarded the guess that he probably would.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At any rate, David was always under some guard; even if we could get into
 the compound undetected, we currently didn't have a way to prevent the
 guard from shouting to alert everyone, and then we'd be toast.
 It would probably have been possible to extract him, and my father, immediately
 after the memory blast permeated the compound, but I'd been semi-conscious,
 Jake hadn't thought of it, and Addy hadn't had any reason to bother.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Even if it turned out that I couldn't un-Chelsea people other than Jake
 -- which Siobhan labeled “unlikely, but worth coming up with contingencies
 for” -- I thought Alice would be a possible weakness in the Volturi's group
 cohesion.
 In the past she'd identified people as friends based on how she foresaw
 herself interacting with them -- she'd turned up with Jasper at the Cullens'
 house in 1950 and had acted very familiar with everyone immediately.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This didn't quite match how she'd acted on the way to Denali, but I thought
 I had it figured out when I looked at the playful nature of her memories
 from sixty years ago: she'd found it fun to waltz in and toy with her future
 family when they didn't know who she was or what she could do.
 When they expected her, and there was a mismatch in their feelings about
 the upcoming meeting, that had just unnerved her (I guessed, anyway, since
 I didn't have her memories from that recently).
 Still, Alice's historically demonstrated ability to act like friendships
 that didn't exist yet were real was a potential resource, if we could make
 any such friendships certain enough that they'd pop up on her radar.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Even with Memory filtering through what I'd been blasted with to push forward
 relevant stuff and help me skim over repetitive parts, it was time-consuming
 to assemble all this information.
 By the time Maggie announced “Welcome to the site of the Meeting of the
 Vampires of These Isles!”, that was all I'd come up with.
 Jake woke up with a start at her announcement.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“These isles?” he said.
 “Vague much?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Atlantic archipelago,” said Liam, “UK and ROI, Anglo-Celtic Isles, Pretanic
 Isles
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aren't they called the Bri-” Jake began.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Ah-ah-ah,” said Maggie, “it would be an inauspicious way to start your
 day if you provoked Siobhan into perforating your face.
 Trust me, I had that argument with her in 1993, and do not recommend that
 you repeat it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jake blinked, but fell silent.
 I said, “How many people are we expecting?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Cath said she'd invite the Isle of Wight coven -- that's a mated pair and
 their creator -- and also the Cardiff bint, and the London coven -- one
 pair, two singles -- and the two in Bristol, and the fellow from Oxford,
 and I don't think the Leeds pair will 
\shape italic
come
\shape default
 but she said she'd ask, and she also said she thinks that the Cardiff bint
 will want to bring a friend from Liverpool and for some reason Cath 
\shape italic
trusts
\shape default
 Cardiff Bint enough to let her bring a friend.
 Cath also said something about asking the covens from Glasgow and Edinburgh
 -- that's four groups technically, ten vampires total, but they're all
 right friendly with each other and share the space -- but I don't know
 if we expect them or not exactly.
 She'll ask but doesn't thinks she can bring the Newcastle bloke.
 And if she can manage all this without the Manchester brothers hearing
 and insisting on tagging along I'll eat a 
\shape italic
sandwich
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So...” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So it 
\shape italic
could
\shape default
 just be Cath, but assuming the likeliest folks show, probably at least
 ten, maybe as many as thirty apart from her.
 There's a bunch of vampires around over there, it's a bit close-knit, word
 will get 'round.
 Oh, especially if our dear Newcastle thinks it's news.
 Can't stand to share his space with a 
\shape italic
coven
\shape default
, but he gets lonely, he's the gossip.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There are only fourteen in Denali,” I whistled.
 “Total.
 Counting the...
 you know...
 spies.
 What's Carlisle doing wrong?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, for one thing, Carlisle's made everybody travel a lot farther,” Maggie
 said.
 “For another, he told them what his meeting was 
\shape italic
about
\shape default
 first.
 I just asked Cath to call a meeting, I didn't mention the mutiny thing.
 Guarantee you at least half of them will hie home when that bomb gets dropped.
 Maybe we can get rid of Cardiff Bint that way.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What,” I asked, “did the vampire from Cardiff ever 
\shape italic
do
\shape default
 to you?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's a pathological liar.
 I can't stand to listen to her talk, and it's not just the accent which
 I know for a 
\shape italic
fact
\shape default
 she plays up on purpose, it's the little alarm bell in my head ringing
 and ringing and ringing and 
\shape italic
ringing
\shape default
,” said Maggie, shuddering.
 “Every time she says anything! Don't believe a word out of the Cardiff
 Bint.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Okay,” I said.
 Maggie found a good place for us to park and stopped the car.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All,” said Maggie, addressing the car, “this goes against some of my principles
, but...
 
\shape italic
don't
\shape default
 tell any of our visitors about Molly.
 Not even Cath.
 Cath knows I'm a vegetarian living with my mate and brother-in-law in a
 permanent residence.
 She doesn't know about my daughter.
 And I love Cath and she's my friend and I wouldn't trust her anywhere near
 Molly and that goes double for everyone she brings with her today...
 so don't go advertising it, right?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Uh,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They're getting here at night, Elspeth.
 If you're still awake for 
\shape italic
any
\shape default
 of it, and if your wolf lets you talk to any of them, I think you can manage
 to keep the topic away from my child for half an hour or so, can't you?”
 She was trying to sound withering, it sounded like, but she mostly succeeded
 at seeming insecure.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It'll itch,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They don't know you, they won't think you're acting unusual,” Maggie said.
 “Just avoid them if you can't deal with it.
 Also, us sparkly people oughtn't risk getting out of the car this close
 to humans while it's sunny, but I don't really want to smell wolf all day
 long in an enclosed space.
 Maybe he could go...
 do...
 something.
 Elsewhere.
 And come back later.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not going to leave Elspeth here,” said Jake.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Take her,” said Maggie.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Just a minute, I'm not done
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Siobhan began.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Give the girl a break!” said Maggie.
 “Honestly, I've 
\shape italic
met
\shape default
 you, Siobhan, it's not like without Elspeth you are going to have an empty
 brain for the next eight hours.
 You're going to be thinking and strategizing and concocting and all that
 whether she's here or not, and then later as soon as you say the word,
 just to top it all off, she's going to share with you 
\shape italic
literally
\shape default
 everything she knows.
 Do 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
 want to inhale this smell until dark? Wolf, take Elspeth, go wander around
 sunny Belfast, I'll loan you another hundred euros if you want.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have some left from yesterday, thanks,” Jake said, opening the door and
 scooping me up from off his lap.
 “Back around sunset.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Later,” said Maggie.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” said Siobhan, “
\shape italic
wait
\shape default
.
 Take somebody with you, at least -- Ilario, you go with them, just cover
 up.
 Some of the other vampires might come in early, dressed to daywalk, and
 I'd rather you not risk trouble with them just on account of being unfamiliar
 species.
 They might not stop long enough to let Elspeth explain.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario reached into the glove compartment, obtained and put on a pair of
 gloves and a sun-shielding hat to prevent him from giving himself away
 outside, and slid out of the car, shrugging.
 “Bye,” Jake said, and slammed the door after Ilario had emerged.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you know your way around here?” Jake asked Ilario, setting me down on
 the ground.
 We started walking away from the park, towards the nearest buildings.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not really,” Ilario said.
 “I spent a grand total of thirty-eight days wandering around Ireland as
 a nomad before Carlisle gave us the money to buy fake documents and a house.
 Didn't get to Belfast in that time.
 I've looked at a 
\shape italic
map
\shape default
 before, but that will only tell me what streets we can expect to find,
 not what's on them.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Did you ask him for the money?” I asked Ilario.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, actually,” Ilario said.
 “He offered.
 And a good thing, too.
 It didn't seem to work very well having all five of us in a coven.
 Probably something to do with Carlisle's theory that vegetarians form large
 groups more easily.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Irina thought that was why Laurent wanted to spend so much time away from
 Denali,” I murmured.
 “Because it was already a five-person coven without him.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Could be,” Ilario said.
 “Anyway, Carlisle offered us the money, and we said sure, and we bought
 a place.
 The Wexford house you saw is our second, actually; we moved right after
 Molly was born.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why'd he give you money?” Jake asked, peering into the pocket of his jeans
 where the leftover cash from Maggie rustled.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not sure,” Ilario said.
 “It seems like odd timing.
 Alice was their primary generator of income and she'd left them quite recently
 -- in fact, we all thought she was dead by that point.
 But they had a lot left, I suppose, and they're generous people.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And they thought my parents were dead,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, they did,” Ilario said.
 “You think that had something to do with it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, maybe,” I said, shuffling through Carlisle's memories about Esme
 happily restoring an old manor house and intending to give it to Rosalie
 and Emmett after their wedding, and a few more recent examples of my grandparen
ts talking about how they'd set up my parents in the event that they wanted
 to live on their own for a while.
 “You and Gianna and Maggie were almost their family for a while...
 and they were expecting to buy my parents a house at some point, so they
 could have a place of their own.
 That didn't wind up happening.
 I mean, there was the cottage near the Norway house but that wasn't as
 private as they had in mind for the long term, and then I came along, and
 then...
 Well, I think maybe they gave you money to buy a house with because of
 that.
 But I'm not sure.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's plausible,” said Ilario.
 “I didn't ask.
 Gift horses and all that.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hey, Elspeth,” Jacob said, “does that look like lunch to you?” He pointed
 at a restaurant.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That looks like a building to me,” I replied, “but it probably contains
 something that looks like lunch.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll wait for you out here,” Ilario said, parking himself on a bench.
 “I don't think any of our visitors are going to find you inside a restaurant.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“See you,” said Jake, leading me by the hand into what turned out to be
 a buffet.
 He portioned out some of the money from his pocket to pay our way, and
 we filled up plates and bowls.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jake,” I said, “does it bother you that people keep calling you...” I glanced
 around, and judged that I wasn't going to be inaudible to the nearest humans
 if I made sure Jake would be able to hear me.
 
\shape italic
My wolf?
\shape default
 I finished, expecting to sound like I'd trailed off.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not really,” he replied.
 “I mean, I guess they could use my name, but failing that it makes sense.
 There's worse things they could call me.
 There's no word for the opposite of “imprint“, right?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, no, I don't think so.
 I guess “imprinter” or something like that...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He shrugged.
 “Not a very good word.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a silence.
 I nibbled on my salad.
 Then I said, “Can I show you something?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Always,” he said, setting his fork down.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- “I've grown up around imprinted wolves, I know pretty well how they tick.
 You don't need to be scared of him, Elspeth.
 He'll look out for you, first of everything.
 He can't not.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“That's what my mama does, is look out for me first of everything,” I say.
 “I don't think Jacob wants to be my 
\shape default
parent
\shape italic
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Well...
 no,” says Cody.
 “That would...
 not be likely.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I'm five,” I say again.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“
\shape default
You
\shape italic
 kissed 
\shape default
me
\shape italic
, too,” Cody points out.
 “Do you want to be five or do you want to be sixteen?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Even normal sixteen-year-olds aren't deciding things for all eternity,”
 I say.
 “I'm not my mama.
 I don't think I 
\shape default
want
\shape italic
 to let an older man sweep me off my feet and then never look twice at anybody
 else until the stars burn out.
 Just the other day I was asking Mama for permission to let a boy take me
 out for ice cream when I expected to leave town in less than a month and
 never think about him again.
 I don't want to be 
\shape default
done
\shape italic
 yet.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Oh,” says Cody softly.
 “And now, whatever you do, even if you go out for ice cream five thousand
 times with five thousand people...
 it'll all constitute “keeping Jacob waiting“.
 Because he'll wait, forever...”
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jacob looked nonplussed; after a moment his eyes focused again.
 “Did I do something that made you feel
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” I said at once, and he relaxed.
 “Nothing at all.
 But I'm sort of confused about what you 
\shape italic
are
\shape default
 doing, and thinking, so I thought I'd ask.” 
\shape italic
I'm chronologically younger than Claire, but I 
\shape default
look
\shape italic
 sixteen.
 Does the imprint magic 
\shape default
know
\shape italic
 that I'm five? Does it 
\shape default
care
\shape italic
? We both know it's magic, why would magic care how old I am?
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Also,” he said, “Cody kissed you? Were you okay with that?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked.
 “I had mixed feelings about it at the time but eventually decided it was
 okay.
 About how old I am and...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well...
 believe it or not,” said Jacob, keeping his voice down so the people at
 the next table wouldn't hear, “I never even thought about it being romantic
 at all, even though all the others except Quil do.
 It's weird...
 it's 
\shape italic
hard to think about
\shape default
, my brain keeps wanting to do something else.
 So I don't know if that's like the imprint “caring” about how old you are,
 or something else.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You never thought about it at all?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Nope,” he said.
 “Quil's kind of the same, come to think of it.
 Claire got the idea pretty early that she was going to grow up and marry
 him, and she'd say stuff like “when I grow up and marry Quil” and he'd
 look at her like she said “when I grow up and move to Mars“, like, it's
 not an actual physical impossibility, but he wasn't going to start packing
 for Martian weather anytime soon.
 That's about what his thoughts sounded like, when she'd say things like
 that while he was a wolf, too.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's weird,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I guess.
 Did you get any of this pasta thing? It's really good,” he said, picking
 up his fork again and indicating a dollop on his plate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I stared at him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What?” he said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Why would that happen with me?
\shape default
 I asked.
 
\shape italic
It's not about whether the imprint wants to be the wolf's girlfriend beforehand,
 or Sam couldn't have fallen in love with his fiancée's cousin when she
 wasn't in favor of that.
 Actually, I think that would have ruled out 
\shape default
all
\shape italic
 the imprints except Jared and Kim.
 And it's not about physical age, because Thea was fifteen when Darren imprinted
 on her, right? Younger-looking than I am now.
 And
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This is really, really hard to think about,” said Jake, scrunching his
 eyebrows together.
 “I'm sorry, but can we have the conversation in smaller chunks or something?
 Is it urgent? I thought we were comfortable.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We are,” I said, and that was true.
 “I'm just trying to figure out 
\shape italic
what
\shape default
 we are.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're my imprint,” he said, “and I'm your wolf.
 It doesn't 
\shape italic
have
\shape default
 to be patterned after anything else, does it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided that made sense, and stole some of his pasta.
 Jake laughed and took my fruit salad.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After we were done abusing the buffet, we went and rejoined Ilario, who
 had waited quite patiently.
 He conducted us on an impromptu tour of the city according to his map-derived
 knowledge of the layout, which included most of the major landmarks.
 When it was close to evening, we started heading back towards the park.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I rode on Jake's shoulders for the last few blocks.
 Only one new vampire had arrived by the time we got there, equipped with
 a parasol and a sweater with extra-long sleeves which would have let her
 get to the park unidentified as a vampire.
 “This is Cath,” Maggie announced brightly, gesturing.
 I'd never heard Maggie refer to Cath as her mother, just her creator, but
 actual family relation would be visually plausible.
 Cath was a few inches taller, a little willowier, and her ponytail of auburn
 ringlets a few shades darker than Maggie's bright orange, but they were
 somewhat similar in their faces -- smiling, at least, they had the same
 round cheeks and happy eyes.
 Same eyes apart from the color, anyway.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cath waved politely, wrinkling her nose only the slightest bit when a breeze
 carried Jake's scent in her direction.
 She seemed curious about me, but didn't try to engage me in conversation,
 and then she looked at Ilario.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hel
\shape italic
lo
\shape default
,” she said, sounding surprised by him for some reason.
 Maggie blinked, and glanced over at Ilario; I did too.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario appeared quite transfixed.
 “Hello,” he replied, shifting his weight and taking a step forward.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\shape italic
Fuck
\shape default
,” said Maggie loudly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cath looked at her, perplexed.
 “What're you on about?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Brilliant timing, Cath, just brilliant,” growled Maggie.
 “Couldn't have gotten this out of the way early on, could you...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Gotten what out of the way?” asked Ilario, still looking at Cath like he
 was hypnotized.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Aah, was I this bad?” Maggie asked rhetorically.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I remembered aloud.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\shape italic
What?”
\shape default
 demanded Cath.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh, just drag my brother-in-law off somewhere where you can be by yourselves
 until the others show up,” Maggie grumbled, “and have a shag and talk about
 your futures and see if you can't solve the bloody Rubik's cube that is
 the 
\shape italic
mystery
\shape default
 here, just come back with all your clothes on when you hear us welcoming
 the rest of the gang.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you know,” Cath asked Ilario, “what she's on about?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” Ilario said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a pause, and then Cath said, “Do you 
\shape italic
want
\shape default
 to go
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\shape italic
Yes
\shape default
,” blurted Ilario, and a couple of seconds later they were not within visual
 range anymore.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jake blinked.
 “That was weird,” he said.
 “Is it customary for vampires to be caught so off guard? I knew what had
 happened when I imprinted.
 And it was obvious about them just by looking; can't they 
\shape italic
tell
\shape default
?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I knew what was going on when I met Liam,” said Siobhan, ambling up to
 our cluster from the car.
 “Well, I say “met“.
 It was more like “noticed in the middle of setting his covenmate on fire“.
 But in any event I recognized the phenomenon.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I was roughly that confused,” Liam said.
 “But 
\shape italic
Siobhan
\shape default
 had 
\shape italic
planned
\shape default
 for it, you see...” He nudged her affectionately with his elbow.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan laughed.
 “Maybe that was it.
 Anyway, Maggie, you have no basis to complain about the timing.
 You could have introduced Cath to your new family any time.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I did bring Gianna over to meet her!” Maggie whined.
 “But Ilario took work shifts that weekend so he didn't come along! That's
 his own fault he didn't meet her then.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is it likely there'll be other pairs today?” I asked, folding my arms on
 top of Jake's head.
 “Or have the others who are visiting all met each other already?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Second thing,” said Maggie.
 “Everybody there has run into everybody else at least once.
 Specifically to check for mating, actually -- whenever somebody turns a
 newborn on the island who's not their 
\shape italic
own
\shape default
 mate, it's the unofficial custom to introduce them to everyone within the
 next decade or so, to avoid 
\shape italic
badly timed mishaps
\shape default
 -- like, no offense Siobhan, what happened with Liam.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No offense taken,” said Siobhan.
 “Ah, look, there are the three from the Isle of Wight...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\shape italic
Ilario Trafeli,”
\shape default
 Maggie hollered, “
\shape italic
get your pants on and be hospitable on behalf of Ireland
\shape default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Shush!” called Cath from far away, but in a few seconds she and Ilario
 were presentable and back in the main part of the park to welcome the three
 newcomers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was just barely awake through the entire trickle of British vampires into
 the park.
 After Cath and the three-person Isle of Wight coven, we received a single
 representative from the four allied Glasgow/Edinburgh covens; the “brothers”
 Maggie had mentioned from Manchester; the “Cardiff Bint” and her Liverpudlian
 friend; a pair and two singles from London; sisters from Bristol; a lone
 vampire from Oxford; and a fellow from the Isle of Man who had not been
 invited, only heard about the proceedings from the Newcastle gossip (who
 declined to attend).
 It was when consensus was reached that this would be the sum total of attendees
 that I slumped over Jake's head in an undignified flop and slept.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I woke up (curled up on the backseat of the car, with my head in a
 sleeping Jake's lap), most of the same British vampires were still hanging
 around in the park, but there were two other vampire visitors who had not
 been expected at all.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
