#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{24}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Mother
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I knew the feel of that hand on my hand.
 It disappeared when I sat up, but when I turned my head, there was the
 familiar face.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“M...” I stammered, but decided it was ridiculous to choke on calling my own
 mother what I'd always called her, Chelsea notwithstanding.
 “Mama.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Good morning, Elspeth,” she said, softly, warmly.
 She sounded perfectly normal, but there was a strange sparkle in her eyes.
 Not exactly happy, but like she'd been fumbling around for something for
 a long time and finally caught an edge of it.
 She'd apparently been watching me dream, and I couldn't think why I wouldn't
 have noticed her holding my hand instantly on waking instead of a second
 later.
 I decided it was just a familiar sensation, one I'd woken up to daily for
 five years and wouldn't necessarily react to at once.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What are you doing here? How did you find me? What's going on?” I asked,
 rapid-fire.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Long, long story,” she said.
 “Are 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
 all right? What are 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
 doing here?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm fine,” I said.
 Lazily, I summarized at her.
 I glanced over in Jake's direction.
 He was sleeping soundly, sprawled half in and half out of his sleeping
 bag.
 “Your turn,” I prompted, after she'd blinked a couple of times.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Where do I need to pick up from?” she asked.
 She was looking me over minutely, as though I could be concealing some
 terrible wound that she wouldn't have noticed already and that I would
 have been able to lie about when I told her I was fine.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know you were running to Denali as of May 30,” I said.
 “And that you didn't arrive.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She nodded.
 “Well, I met -- you see
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” She nodded her head over her left shoulder, like she was pointing out
 something in that direction.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huh?” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She stared at me for a moment, then got to her feet, spun a quarter-turn
 to her left, and shouted...
 apparently not at me...
 “Will you 
\shape italic
unfade
\shape default
? This is ridiculous.
 I can see you whatever you do, Elspeth is harmless, Jacob is asleep.
 What earthly reason
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It is my state of rest,” said Allirea, and I did a double-take as it occurred
 to me that she'd been standing there from the beginning.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, guess what 
\shape italic
my
\shape default
 state of rest is? It's not shielding 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
 from your 
\shape italic
stalker
\shape default
.
 It would be very relaxing to just stop trying to do that.
 Do you want me to? Don't play mind-games with my daughter,” my mother snapped.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are you shielding me now?” Allirea asked, shifting from foot to foot edgily.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I was until I was so rudely distracted by your concealing your existence
 from someone I was trying to have a conversation 
\shape italic
about you
\shape default
 with,” my mother said sharply.
 “I managed to keep you under shield during the entire plane ride here,
 though, so you can wait a little while before getting paranoid again.
 Stay.
 In.
 View.
 Please.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“...So you've met,” I said, blinking and looking between my mother and Allirea.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, we've met,” my mother said, sighing tiredly.
 “I encountered her on my way in towards Denali.
 Eleazar was taking her out hunting -- she couldn't walk yet then, she'd
 been beaten up pretty badly in the fight where you last saw her, and he
 was the only one with a prayer of keeping track of her, so he was babysitting.
 To summarize what was actually a long and awkward encounter during which
 I learned that Eleazar -- along with his mate and sisters -- were traitors,
 it wound up with Allirea inspiring me to try to shield someone else.
 Specifically, her.
 My power doesn't work 
\shape italic
flawlessly
\shape default
 against Eleazar's, but it's some protection, and combined with hers covering
 me, we were both sufficiently unobtrusive that I was able to pick her up
 and carry her away before I lost my hold on the shared shield.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, and she still cannot maintain it for long,” said Allirea snidely.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And you can't shield 
\shape italic
me
\shape default
 when you 
\shape italic
sleep
\shape default
,” my mother hissed at her, “
\shape italic
that
\shape default
 was a fun little crisis, wasn't it
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That was not my fault!” exclaimed Allirea.
 “You insisted on choosing the flight, you never specified that we would
 be flying east, of course I fell asleep early!” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother rolled her eyes.
 “At any rate,” she said, “we've been traveling together.
 Allirea insists on being almost constantly on airplane after airplane in
 order to throw off Demetri, since I can't maintain my shield around a second
 person for long.
 But we've been wandering around for well over a month now, and my ability
 to cover her seems to have thoroughly plateaued, and it's 
\shape italic
still
\shape default
 not reliable enough that we can just walk into Volterra and get your daddy
 out, so we thought we'd try the family houses, but found nothing.
 So we came back here.
 If nothing else, I could probably hold off Eleazar and Kate just barely
 long enough to let Allirea take out Tanya and Carmen, and then it would
 be a near-even fight and we could get out if we had to -- it wouldn't be
 a guaranteed death sentence like getting caught half-shielded in Volterra
 -- but we smelled wolf on our way in from the airport.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jacob,” I surmised.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Exactly,” she replied.
 “So we followed the trail, and...
 here you are.” She stretched out a cold hand and brushed some hair off my
 face.
 “You cut your hair...” She sounded disappointed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, ignoring the tone of the statement.
 “Why didn't you just let Demetri find you,” I asked, “and then kill him?”
 This seemed like the obvious thing for Allirea to demand.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I couldn't take him in a fight, he's much too skilled and doesn't rely
 on his witchcraft the way, say, Kate does,” my mother said.
 “And Allirea has to be quite physically close to someone to fade them,
 so it wouldn't help quite enough that he oughtn't be able to notice 
\shape italic
me
\shape default
 through her power.
 I could get in one good hit from concealment before he threw me forty feet
 away out of sheer reflex and she lost the ability to keep up, and then
 I'd be done for or at least no longer able to shield her.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” I said.
 “Well, you're...
 in luck, I guess.
 You don't have to beat up the Denalis.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So it would seem,” my mother agreed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I would like to know what is going on too,” Allirea said, and I absently
 sent her the same summary.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You shouldn't go to the Denalis' houses,” I said.
 “Allirea will block Alice, or at least might, Alice isn't sure how that
 works with her...
 and they don't want to look suspicious, at least not yet, so you shouldn't
 even go alone, Mama.
 I expect somebody will visit me today and you can talk to them then if
 you want.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother nodded, then frowned suddenly, with the unfocused look in her
 eyes that told me she was reacting to a memory I'd sent and not something
 she was actually looking at.
 “Chelsea...” she murmured.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I warned you,” said Allirea.
 “I did warn you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know you did,” said my mother absently.
 “Elspeth, sweetie, remember when I told you that I had never killed anyone
 and have a general policy of not killing anyone?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm going to try very, very hard to make an exception,” she said abruptly,
 hands clenching with a grating sound at her sides.
 “Possibly several.
 But at least one.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wriggled the rest of the way out of my sleeping bag and sat hugging my
 knees.
 “Tell Siobhan,” I said.
 “Chelsea's not very good at fighting.” She nodded and started pacing.
 “Allirea told you about my father, right?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course I did,” said Allirea.
 “I am not 
\shape italic
stupid
\shape default
.
 If Isabella had ever found out some other way that I knew her mate was
 alive and I had not informed her, just how long would I be likely to live?”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother's jaw clenched and her eyes pressed closed.
 Her hand went to the locket around her neck, which she flicked open; the
 piece of ash she kept there tipped out into her palm.
 “She told me,” she agreed.
 “I suppose this is...
 from Irina?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I said, piecing together Aro's memories and what I'd been told about
 my mother's own observations of the day in question.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She looked at the ash a moment longer, then put it away in the locket again.
 “I suppose I could give it to her sisters,” she muttered.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They would probably appreciate that,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He thought I was dead, didn't he,” she said after a moment.
 “All this time he thought I was dead.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Until I told him different,” I said.
 “I think at some point you must have become immune to Marcus, or he would
 have been able to see the mate bond whenever he looked at...
 Dad...
 which he couldn't.
 That probably happened without you noticing after you became a vampire,
 since Marcus could see your relationships when you were human.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm,” she replied distantly, biting her lip the way she always did when
 she was distracted by something that made her unhappy.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you want me to show you
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I began.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” she said at once.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let me finish,” I said, and she frowned apologetically.
 It struck me all of a sudden how 
\shape italic
young
\shape default
 she was, and how much younger than that she looked.
 She could have claimed me as her twin sister and anyone would have believed
 her if they didn't know better.
 Seventeen forever, like my father.
 It was easier to see when I wasn't so 
\shape italic
accustomed
\shape default
 to her anymore, and when the part of me that automatically conferred her
 an assumption of respect and maturity had been carved away with everything
 else Chelsea had felt like cutting.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She waited expectantly for me to finish my question, so I did.
 “Do you want just 
\shape italic
my
\shape default
 memories of when I was talking to him, or 
\shape italic
his
\shape default
 memories too up until May 26 of this year?” I asked her.
 The summary would explain why I had those, and why it wouldn't take me
 110 years to give them to her.
 “They're mostly pretty unpleasant -- he's usually unhappy -- especially
 the last five years.
 I could just send January through late October of 2005.
 That's where most of the happy parts were,” I warned before she answered.
 Those months had been the period of time where my parents had been aware
 of each other's existence.
 Before that they hadn't met.
 After that they both thought the other was dead.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She kept chewing on her lip, gingerly.
 “This trance-like thing it induces will take me how long to recover from?”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know,” I said.
 “Siobhan got a full blast and was up and about after fourteen hours.
 But I don't know if it actually takes less time to process a century than
 a couple million years.
 She definitely didn't consciously process everything during that time.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She closed her eyes.
 “Start me with the good parts version,” she said finally.
 I picked a beginning and an ending for my father's memories, and isolated
 the clump of my own, and sent them along.
 My mother reeled for a couple of minutes, but didn't fall, and finally
 murmured a perfectly lucid “Thank you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're welcome,” I said politely.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do I still need to be unfaded?” complained Allirea.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think,” I said before my mother could say yea or nay, “that you need
 to be unfaded so anybody who might come to visit me -- especially Siobhan
 -- isn't diverted by your power.
 You might be able to take breaks as long as Mama warns you when someone's
 coming ahead of time; she can hear better than us.
 Siobhan especially has to be able to plan with you in mind, since her plans
 are magic, and if I remember right she'll be able to remember you whether
 you're faded or not until and unless she interacts with you faded.
 Right?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” said Allirea.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Siobhan's not a
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” my mother began, and then she scrunched her eyebrows together.
 “Oh, I suppose she must be.
 This is different, having everything transmitted all at once instead of
 in real time...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” I added, thinking back to one of the few snippets of Allirea-related
 conversation I'd bothered to remember on the airplane, “she was thinking
 of contacting your kids, Allirea, to see if they had a way of getting in
 touch with you.
 She probably thinks you'd be very important to have around, if she was
 going to such lengths to try that...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It would not have worked anymore, anyway,” Allirea said, looking away.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know.
 She probably thought of that during one of the parts where I wasn't paying
 attention,” I speculated, recalling something from the swath of memories
 I'd disregarded before
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- He will find me.
 I know eventually he will find me.
 I am not swift enough.
 I would stow away on a space shuttle if I had a way to live in a vacuum,
 but I don't, and I would not prefer death to being dragged away with him...
 or at least not yet.
 Perhaps I will think differently, later.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
So, he will find me.
 I could not force myself to stay awake to escape nightmares of the ordinary
 sort, as a child.
 I cannot hide from this one either, not for long.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
But I do not have to make it easy, and I do not have to encourage him to
 involve my children.
 That would be exactly the sort of thing he would do: imagine that I should
 love nothing more than to bring them into the hell he has created for me.
 Better to cut them loose.
 Better to make it look to all appearances like I care nothing at all for
 them.
 After this once, I do not have to visit them, do not have to let him find
 me simply by waiting at the correct airport before I have even set out.
 Do not have to tempt him to kidnap them, too.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
They will not miss me, at least.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I hope I can get to each of them in time.
 If I am clever, he will never realize that I have children at all.
 He will never think that these cities are important to me.
 He will never cross these thresholds.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
My eldest, my son.
 In San Juan I find his house.
 I walk right in.
 I hug him without him noticing that I am there; I kiss his hair without
 him being aware that there is anything of moment going on; I peel the delicatel
y-labeled emergency contact information so carefully stripped of attention-diver
ting detail off from the wall.
 I tear myself away.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
My daughter, my middle child.
 She lives in Montevideo, but she is not in her new home when I arrive.
 She moves so often, how will I find her later when it is safe, if it is
 ever safe...? She is married, pretending to be human, she has children, precious
 bright-eyed little ones of her own.
 I do not know what she means to do when she is too obviously young.
 She has never tried this experiment of settling down like this before.
 But she has made me a grandmother.
 I want pictures.
 There are pictures of them, everywhere, that I could take -- and then 
\shape default
he
\shape italic
 would catch me with them.
 Then this would be for nothing.
 He would assume that because I want pictures of my grandchildren I must
 want my grandchildren around me.
 And I would.
 But not with him.
 I excise my nameless self from her address book.
 I leave the pictures where they are.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
My baby, my littlest girl, only twenty years old.
 She is in Port Elizabeth.
 No tempting family photos stare at me from her walls.
 I pluck her phone right out of her pocket, delete my number, put it back.
 I hold her.
 She stands in place, finding it unimportant that she is unable to walk
 away until I let her go, and then she proceeds with her business.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I am so tempted to tell her that I am here, and why, and what I have done.
 But she would not remember it anyway.
 She may think of me occasionally when I unfade for the odd hour to speak
 to someone besides 
\shape default
him
\shape italic
.
 But she must not know to find me in Volterra.
 I will not have her there, not at any price.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I kiss my baby's forehead once, and run again.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
He catches me as I come off the plane in Greece
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Stop,” said Allirea, and the way she said it made it sound like she'd said
 it a few times and I'd only just heard.
 “Stop, stop.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I snapped out of the memory.
 “Hm?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I do 
\shape italic
not
\shape default
 want you to look at anything about me,” she said flatly.
 “I could 
\shape italic
make
\shape default
 you stop if I faded, but Isabella would object.
 So I am asking.
 Please stop.
 Let it be.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll try,” I said, pushing the memories away.
 They weren't exactly tempting -- not the recent ones, anyway.
 The ones from before she'd met Demetri were more pleasant, but I had plenty
 of stuff to look at that wasn't hers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I realize you didn't 
\shape italic
volunteer
\shape default
 to accept all these memories,” my mother mused, “but considering that you've
 got them, was it really best to offer them all up indiscriminately to Siobhan
 -?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If I hadn't given her 
\shape italic
all
\shape default
 of them, then among other things she wouldn't know about Allirea,” I pointed
 out.
 “I'd have just subconsciously left her out.
 And she can use them better than I can even apart from that, to plan stuff
 magically.
 We kind of need Siobhan, given Addy having her power.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother contemplated this for a moment, then shuddered as though shaking
 off a film of water.
 “You're right.
 Privacy concerns were shot to hell when Aro stole those memories in the
 first place, anyway...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And more so when Addy blasted everybody within range of the compound,”
 I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You know,” she remarked next, “I really should have 
\shape italic
guessed
\shape default
 that Sasha was framed.
 It didn't make sense.
 I 
\shape italic
commented
\shape default
 that it didn't make sense when I first heard about it.
 But it didn't seem important at the time...
 and even if I'd thought of it I wouldn't have had a way to verify the guess.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fi' more minutes,” came a mumble from Jake's sleeping bag.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I turned around.
 “It's okay, you can sleep,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Five
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Jake said, then he blinked and looked blearily at my mother and Allirea.
 “Ng?” He sat bolt upright, not taking his eyes off of them.
 “Bella? And who the hell are you?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“This is Allirea,” said my mother.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The one Siobhan was talking about?” Jake asked, and I nodded.
 “Uh, nice to meet you, and what in the world are either of you doing here?”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother repeated the explanation she'd given me, and then said, “I hear
 someone coming -- two someones -- Allirea, do 
\shape italic
not
\shape default
 fade.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How long do you expect me to do this?” Allirea hissed, her voice starting
 to sound strained, although I couldn't tell if she was faking it or not.
 (I couldn't help but remember that she sometimes did that, though not always.)
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you become absolutely unable to hang onto your noticeability, you can
 find someplace where you won't affect Jacob or whoever's visiting, go there,
 take a break, and come back when you're ready,” my mother allowed, and
 then my grandparents came into view over the side of the next mountain.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother was off like a shot, flinging herself into Esme's arms without
 hesitation and then pivoting to embrace Carlisle too.
 “I 
\shape italic
missed
\shape default
 you,” I could just barely hear her sob from that distance, and then all
 three of them were exclaiming each other's names repeatedly, and my mother
 was babbling her story and her excuses for dropping out of their lives
 and her desperate apologies.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was jealous.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Chelsea had never attacked my mother's relationships.
 She couldn't feel them in the first place.
 Even when my mother had been human and had a less comprehensive shield,
 even when Marcus could view all the streamers of light spraying away from
 her at his leisure, Chelsea could feel nothing from her at all.
 Chelsea had entertained the hypothesis that my mother simply didn't care
 about anyone at all for a solid minute and a half before admitting that
 she was really and truly blocked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And so my mother got that reunion, she got the hugs that were 
\shape italic
meant
\shape default
 on both ends, she got to be really glad to see them instead of vaguely
 awkward about feeling obligated to feel things she didn't feel.
 She didn't have to apologize for being Chelsea's victim, over and over.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Of course, when I thought about it, I realized that if the Volturi had captured
 me and found me shielded just like her, they probably would have killed
 me like they'd tried to kill her (and I was significantly less difficult
 to kill even if I supposed myself to have her shielding).
 Even Jacob wouldn't have been worth the inconvenience; Addy hadn't been
 making up the expendability of individual wolves.
 Brady had died simply because it turned out that Pera didn't recognize
 him as her mate and they didn't want him hanging around fruitlessly fawning
 after her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So maybe it was better that I didn't have my mother's power after all.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But as she led her in-laws towards us I still felt a 
\shape italic
little
\shape default
 jealous.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jacob seemed to sense my discomfort and he laid a heavy hand on my shoulder.
 “You okay?” he asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mostly,” I said.
 My mother introduced Carlisle and Esme to Allirea, who was starting to
 look very uncomfortable with all the attention she'd been forbidden to
 shed, but she spoke to them politely enough, and then asked me to explain
 to everyone the situation with Demetri so she wouldn't have to say it aloud
 again.
 I obliged.
 Esme promptly decided that Allirea needed a hug, which Allirea tolerated
 with surprising grace, although she didn't return it.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you can remain in sight, so to speak,” Carlisle assured her, “we should
 be able to protect you if he arrives here.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Actually,” I said, “it would be really convenient if Demetri disappeared
 sooner rather than later.
 He doesn't stay in touch with Volterra while he's...
 looking for...
 Allirea, and he left less than a week ago and is often gone for two or
 three weeks at a time.
 That, 
\shape italic
and
\shape default
 he 
\shape italic
always
\shape default
 spends the entire trip blocked out for Alice because every move he makes
 is under her shadow.
 They won't have any way of figuring out that he's dead unless they try
 having Dwi contact him, and Dwi is a purely voluntary telepath -- getting
 no answer could be interpreted as Demetri just not wanting to be interrupted.
 Or just not liking telepathic communication -- that's why the Denalis were
 talking to the Volturi by e-mail instead of via Addy borrowing Dwi.
 There would be a long delay before anyone in Italy knew what had happened
 if Demetri showed up right here and...
 and got killed.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can others initiate conversations with Dwi?” Allirea asked.
 “That was never clear to me.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, he has to be listening for a message from a specific person first,
 they can't just get his attention,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How good a fighter is Demetri?” Esme said anxiously.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Good,” I said.
 “But not exceptional.
 He's practiced but not especially talented.
 Siobhan could take him out easy.
 Liam could do it.
 Kate could too.
 You and Grandpa and Mama together, maybe, but I'm not sure, and at least
 one of you would probably be hurt.” I left Jake out because I didn't want
 him dying of a stray vampire bite.
 All the wolves' advantage was tied up in coordinating with each other so
 well that vampires had no time to bite anyone, but Jake was alone.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I require a rest,” Allirea murmured, and she ducked around to the other
 side of the mountain.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Unfade before yelling if you need help, or anything,” my mother said loudly,
 “so people besides me can notice it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Who are you talking to?” I asked her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Never mind, Elspeth,” she sighed, “it doesn't matter,” which seemed true
 enough, and then she hugged me.
 She gave Jake an appraising look, as though about to consider thanking
 him for looking after me the way Esme had the day before.
 Eventually she said, “I'm glad Elspeth has had someone to rely on through
 all this.” Jake dipped his head politely, but she kept looking at him in
 a vaguely frustrated way that seemed familiar somehow, although I'd never
 seen it myself.
 I pinpointed the look after a moment's thought: this was the look she gave
 somebody when she wanted my father to read their mind and alert her if
 anything untoward was going on.
 They hadn't worked out an actual 
\shape italic
code
\shape default
 around this, but he'd figured it out over time and never been steered wrong
 by interpreting it that way.
 I wasn't sure why she was making that face without him present.
 Maybe realizing he was alive was reactivating old habits.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Jake has been absolutely wonderful to me at all times and there is nothing
 creepy going on between us at all,
\shape default
 I reassured her.
 Her face relaxed and she turned back to Esme and Carlisle.
 She insisted on being caught up on what she'd missed in the last five years
 that I hadn't been able to impart to her when she picked me up.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle was halfway through an anecdote about Rosalie's ultimately doomed
 attempt at opening an auto body shop of her own when all three vampires
 suddenly stood at attention, hearing something I couldn't.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And then, as I abruptly remembered Allirea again, something I 
\shape italic
could
\shape default
: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A helpless, enraged, desperate shriek that I remembered hearing from the
 inside a dozen times.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
