#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{31}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Tutor
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Perhaps Eleazar should...
 tutor me,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 said my mother, sounding uncomfortable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I have a lot of 
\emph on
his
\emph default
 memories, too, up till he left the Volturi, and after that, I don't think
 he would have spent much time coaching witches besides Kate.
 And Irina remembered most of him teaching Kate, from eavesdropping on them,”
 I pointed out.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Siobhan?” she suggested.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Does not wish to be personally introduced to Allirea before it is absolutely
 necessary,” said Carlisle, “and neither she nor you should visit the houses
 while there is value in letting...
 Alice believe that everything is as it was.” He said his erstwhile daughter's
 name like a sad sigh.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Allirea could go somewhere else and Siobhan could come out here...” said my
 mother, looking up at Allirea.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Siobhan needs to be gathering information and planning stuff with it,”
 I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Planning stuff,” muttered mother.
 “Right.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We should probably go home,” said Esme.
 “Actually, what we should do is go into town and buy you some cell phones,
 if you don't already have them.
 That will let us keep in touch without conspicuously leaving the house
 so often.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have mine,” said Allirea, reaching into her pocket and dangling a phone
 from her fingers.
 She hesitated, then said, “I am going to call my son, as long as I must
 be unfaded...
 my little girl will be asleep at this hour...”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't have a phone, and neither does Jake,” I said.
 “Mama?” She shook her head.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Three phones, then,” said Esme.
 “We'll take care of that for you.” She reached out and patted my hair gently,
 making me feel like I was four months old again, and then hugged my mother
 again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Thank you for getting the sheep and water for Jake,” I said to my grandparents,
 and Carlisle smiled weakly, and the pair of them turned to go.
 Allirea, uphill, listened to her son's answering machine inform her that
 he was not home.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Go ahead,” said my mother, facing in the direction of the mountain's peak
 and apparently not talking to me or Jake, and then she turned back to me.
 “So...?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Addy usually starts by tasting the power she's coaching,” I mused, “but
 even if she were here she can't copy you...
 That's actually why they tried to kill you, back then,” I said.
 “If she could have copied you, they would have figured out some way to
 put you in the dungeon with Dad...
 the immunity to Alec would have been a complication but you could have
 been physically held down and force-fed or something.
 But she couldn't, you blocked her.
 Actually it 
\emph on
really
\emph default
 pissed her off and she might try to kill you if she sees you again.
 Unless you learn to drop your shield for her and then actually do it, I
 mean.
 Anyway, so even if she were here she'd have to skip that step.
 What does your power feel like to 
\emph on
you
\emph default
?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I cannot describe to you how unnerving it is to hear you say things like
 that so calmly,” she said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've seen lots and remember more,” I said.
 “What does it feel like?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Like...
 a blanket, or a skintight suit, or something, everywhere,” she said, looking
 away.
 “All the time.
 I couldn't feel it before it pulled me together in La Push, but since then
 it hasn't gone away.
 It doesn't interact with other tactile sensations, though, I can't feel
 the shield that's over my arm on my fingers if I do this.” She clasped her
 forearm in her hand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Does it vary at all?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“When I let Jasper through it was like it was thinning, or getting cooler,”
 she said.
 “And when I shield a second person it's like the outer half of it peels
 off to cover them.
 I can feel it at a distance, but it's under tension when I push it away
 like that.
 It reminds me of what I think I remember it feeling like to try to pull
 myself off the ground by one hand as a human -- I can do it for a little
 while, but eventually my hands give out.
 Except it's not my 
\emph on
hands
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So it has a shape, it moves through space to cover whoever you cover?”
 I asked.
 “Do you feel the edges that aren't touching anyone -- like if you shielded
 me, would you feel anything from over here?” I reached out to a point on
 the imaginary line between my good shoulder and my mother's opposite elbow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It has a shape, it moves through space,” she said, “but the more area it
 covers the harder it is -- I didn't have a lot of cause to practice that
 while Allirea was fading me, because she outright requires physical proximity,
 but sometimes -- and that's just going to confuse you right now, isn't
 it.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hm?” I said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

It has a shape and moves through space and it's more difficult to cover
 more volume,” she said, sighing, “so if I shielded you again I wouldn't
 have the surface pass through 
\emph on
there
\emph default
; I'd pinch off the area between us to have less dead space.
 The thinnest point would be something like this.” With one finger she described
 a circle about eight inches in diameter halfway between us.
 “I'm 
\emph on
aware
\emph default
 of the edges, I suppose you could say I feel them, but with much less definitio
n than the edges that cling to whoever I protect.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you do two people at once?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I haven't tried before,” she murmured, and she closed her eyes and frowned,
 breathing oddly as she concentrated.
 “
\emph on
Gah
\emph default
 -- yes -- but it's hard and I lost it almost at once -- and -- there was
 something -- Elspeth, I think Jacob was mistaken, he has at least one packmate,
 get him awake and phased 
\emph on
now
\emph default
 before he thinks or dreams something compromising! If he hasn't already
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I dropped to my knees beside Jake and jostled him as urgently as I dared,
 given his wound.
 
\emph on
Phase, phase, phase, Jake, phase
\emph default
, I sent.
 
\emph on
Phase phase phase
\emph default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jake peeled one dark eye wearily open and contracted in size, his fur vacuuming
 itself into nothingness and leaving plain skin behind.
 It was more obvious this way that he was in bad shape -- a lot of the color
 was out of his normally bright, coppery complexion, and his sedated, miserable
 expression was easier to read on a human face.
 The wound occupied a good quarter of his neck, but without fur in the way,
 I could tell that it had at least started to pull closed at the corners
 in a couple of places.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother offered him Esme's sweater to replace the clothes he'd destroyed
 when he went wolf, but between the venom -- suddenly a significantly greater
 proportion of his blood volume -- and the morphine -- the same -- he was
 in no shape to take it himself.
 I pulled it out of her hand and draped it over him to placate her preference
 for his modesty, although I didn't care, he didn't have the higher brain
 functions necessary to care, and I didn't think my mother was offering
 it for her 
\emph on
own
\emph default
 sense of propriety so much as a continued desire to parent me.
 It wasn't worth arguing about.
 I pressed my hand to Jake's cheek and sent him nothing, and his eyes fluttered
 closed again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What was that about?” I asked my mother in a low voice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't notice when I had only one other person under the shield,” she
 panted, “but I can feel the people I cover, little points of warmth --
 and there were more than yours and his, when I added him.
 When I only shielded Al- when I only shielded you, it felt warm, but I
 figured it was just how it felt to stretch the shield.
 But when I included Jacob it was different, the warmth had a 
\emph on
division
\emph default
 -- three divided points, to be exact, but one of them wasn't the same as
 the other two and I don't know how.
 The only thing that would be, I think, would be if my shield covers his
 packmates the same way Jane and Alec's powers were able to propagate through
 the pack.
 There was an extra point of heat.
 Maybe the other person wasn't wolf-shaped when you asked him before, or
 Jacob didn't notice him or her for some reason, I don't know, but there
 was 
\emph on
someone else there
\emph default
.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A chill ran up my spine.
 “What if it wasn't that? What if -- if Pera's here, standing near Jake,
 or something? But `near' in not quite the same way?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother winced at the name, probably remembering the smell of her blood
 or something.
 “Does that seem likely to you?” she asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

No,” I admitted, after some thought.
 “Whether she followed me or you or Demetri, there wouldn't be any reason
 for her to be still hanging around by herself at this point.
 If she were only here for recon there'd be no reason for her to still be
 standing there; she would have left once it was clear we were staying put.
 And there'd be even less reason for her to be hanging out if she were here
 to hurt us.
 She would have attacked or sent a larger force after us by now.
 She's still a newborn and since she can hide and unhide herself and anybody
 else she likes at will, she could pretty much kill an arbitrary number
 of people who weren't 
\emph on
absolutely spectacular
\emph default
 fighters all by herself, and...
 
\emph on
that's
\emph default
 us.
 And that's assuming she wouldn't come with other fighters hidden too.
 Especially not now that we've gone and discussed the possibility out loud.
 That was stupid.
 I should have sent the idea instead.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” murmured my mother.
 “So probably not Pera, probably a packmate of Jacob's.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Probably,” I said.
 “Practically no other powers go through to Pera's hiding place anyway.”
 I smoothed Jake's hair as he fell back asleep.
 “Okay, so you can shield an entire pack of wolves if you shield just one.
 That could be useful to know.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Very,” she said.
 “Especially if you turn out to be able to deprogram the other wolves as
 you did yours, and they're willing to fight against the Volturi.” She closed
 her eyes, probably remembering the massacre at La Push.
 If she'd been able to shield the packs from Jane and Alec then, they might
 have had a chance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are you limited by distance?” I asked.
 “Try shielding just me, and then back away a step at a time.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She screwed up her face in concentration, balled up her fists at her sides,
 and started backing away from me step by deliberate step.
 I noticed Allirea, watching us from her perch several yards up the mountain.
 When my mother had gotten about twenty feet distant, she lost it with a
 great gasp for air.
 I wasn't sure why she would gasp for air to use a power that had no obvious
 connection with breathing, but she did it; maybe a habit leftover from
 humanity.
 “Hang on, I'm going to try to establish it from here,” she muttered.
 “There...
 got you...” Allirea waved at me.
 My mother dragged one foot behind her and leaned onto it, and then cursed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is the distance itself making it harder, or do you just need a break?”
 I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Need a break,” she said, walking up to me and Jake again.
 Perhaps symbolically, she sat down on a rock.
 “This is exhausting.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “Like I said before, it's 
\emph on
very
\emph default
 unusual for a power to be fueled by desperation or anything like it.
 Powers that require a mental state are uncommon in the first place.
 More often you see them responding to exertion of will -- like Jane --
 or a condition like touch -- like Aro -- or they're just a continuous effect
 -- like Marcus, or like most of yours.
 But Addy's seen a few.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What were those like?” asked my mother tiredly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's Heidi, there's Abdelmajid, there's Razi
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Details, not just names, please.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Heidi's a weird one,” I said, picking over my memories from her with bemusement.
 “Her power doesn't work on 
\emph on
herself
\emph default
.
 In fact...
 she doesn't think she's beautiful at all.
 To herself she looks about as pretty as the average human, although even
 with her power turned all the way down she's objectively in Rosalie's league.
 But to other people's eyes, she gets more enchanting the more insecure
 she feels about her looks.
 Weird,” I said again.
 “She's trained herself to go into and out of the state practically at will.
 She used to have almost no control at all and it'd fluctuate wildly depending
 on how much she cared about the opinion of whoever was looking at her,
 and how her hair was behaving on a given day, and stuff like that.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Hmm,” said my mother.
 “I'm almost certainly immune to Heidi.
 If I insulted her appearance in the middle of a battlefield would she be
 insecure enough about that that she'd blind everybody else with her magical
 beauty and I could go around taking down anyone else I liked?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not sure.
 Maybe,” I said.
 “She doesn't usually get negative comments on her appearance.
 It'd be too obviously false.
 But you're a good liar.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She nodded.
 “Abdelmajid?” she prompted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He sees through stuff,” I said.
 “But he has to be calm to do it.
 When he's anxious at all, it cuts down on the thickness of what he can
 see through.
 Like, if he's completely, absolutely calm, he could see all the way through
 this mountain like it wasn't here
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I tossed my head to indicate the heap of rock we were sitting on.
 “That'd be about his limit.
 If he were really preoccupied, he could see through a sheet of paper --
 and he has a bad habit of looking through people's clothes -- but nothing
 more than that.
 And there's everything in between.
 He has a breathing exercise he does if he needs to look through a thick
 wall or something.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And who's Razi?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A teleporter,” I told her.
 “The Volturi had him for a while, in the dungeon, but he got away during
 my first jailbreak and they couldn't catch him again.
 He's like the opposite of Abdelmajid and jumps from place to place when
 he's scared or distracted.
 In order to stay in one place he needs to be really absorbed in whatever
 he's doing -- but he can jump wherever he wants, so sometimes if he's agitated
 but doesn't want to go far he'll just go an inch to the left and an inch
 to the right over and over.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Interesting,” she murmured.
 “How did the Volturi hold him?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He can't pick a destination when he doesn't know which way is up,” I said.
 “His power won't send him to a random place without him selecting one even
 if he's feeling, you know, 
\emph on
jumpy
\emph default
, but he's just naturally disposed to think of someplace else he'd rather
 be when he does feel that way.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother looked up at the sky, and said, “Are all the unusual behaviors
 of my shield likely to be run by the same emotion?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I said.
 “The basic shield -- what it's like when it's not doing anything -- probably
 is too, but in the background more.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She blinked once, slowly, and then said, “Elspeth, do you have any way to
 get in touch with Razi? He could be useful and might help -- in general,
 not with my shield in particular.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No -- well, Dwi could talk to him, but Dwi works for the Volturi so I don't
 think Razi would answer him now.
 Razi didn't have a coven, doesn't have a mate, and never owned a phone
 or used e-mail.
 And he was pretty sure that a neighbor of his would have moved into his
 territory once he was gone, so he probably wouldn't have returned there.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course,” she sighed.
 “My shield works against what it works against without any attention or
 prompting.
 It worked to hedge Edward's mindreading out before I knew mindreading was
 possible.
 How could that be?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” I said, “my best guess is that it has to do with how you would have
 thought about mindreading if someone had told you it was going on.
 I don't currently know of any witches whose power is to fly, but if I met
 one there's some way I would feel about that.
 There was already some way you were inclined to feel about having your
 mind read before you got within range of Dad.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Terrified,” she murmured.
 “But I was scared of Jasper's power, at once, when I heard about it --
 and wasn't immune to it at first.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Jasper
\emph default
 doesn't think of his power as something to fear,” I said, pulling up Alice's
 memories of conversations with him, since I didn't have her husband's own
 recollections of anything.
 “He 
\emph on
can
\emph default
 use it that way, he even does sometimes, but mostly he thinks of it as
 an extension of his charisma.
 But Dad has always felt intrusive listening to other people's thoughts.
 He does sort of think of it as something that it would be reasonable to
 find scary.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Explains Kate,” my mother said after a beat.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah,” I said.
 “Kate thinks she's scary.
 Jane 
\emph on
revels
\emph default
 in being scary.
 Eleazar got a partial look at your power, when you first met him, right?
 Almost like you didn't immediately think it would be that big a deal, and
 then
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And then I noticed all the inferences it let Eleazar make about Harry...”
 she murmured.
 “Eleazar can still 
\emph on
partially
\emph default
 detect me, though.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's pretty strong; it 
\emph on
could
\emph default
 be a matter of him just incompletely overpowering you,” I said with a shrug
 of my good shoulder.
 “He also doesn't think of it as something harmful himself.
 Anyway, I can't 
\emph on
know
\emph default
.
 I can't read your mind, and neither can anybody else I remember who's tried.
 But I think your shield probably runs on fear.
 Were you scared about being knocked out for a few hours when I was about
 to blast you?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” she said, unwillingly, tipping her head down again to look at me
 instead of the sky.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But the first time you encountered my power I was the least scary thing
 ever: a tiny baby,” I said.
 “And I stayed harmless and stayed harmless and then suddenly I wasn't,
 so now I guess your shield thinks I'm scary.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not afraid 
\emph on
of you
\emph default
,” she said.
 “And I wasn't particularly afraid in the moment I first developed an immunity
 to Jasper.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, it's not all that specific, or I'd still be able to give you harmless
 sendings,” I said.
 “But I could be totally wrong.
 This is the sort of thing Addy can taste directly, so I don't have a lot
 of interview techniques to go on and I'm making it up based on patterns
 in witches she's looked at before.
 But it seems like an okay guess, doesn't it?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why wouldn't I have developed my own genuine immunity to Alice when I was
 afraid of her spying on my...
 extracurricular activities?” she asked after a moment's thought.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Because your extracurricular activities didn't take place in your head?”
 I guessed.
 “Your power definitely isn't to be protected from 
\emph on
everything
\emph default
 that scares you, but it 
\emph on
might
\emph default
 be to protect you from mental witch powers that scare you.
 
\emph on
Plausibly
\emph default
-mental witch powers or death,” I added, thinking of Kate, and my mother's
 two brushes with trauma that would have killed any other vampire.
 “I think maybe your immunity to Kate could have something to do with the
 fact that when she zaps people they lose control of their bodies for a
 moment -- convulsing and falling over and stuff.
 It's not quite like she outright possesses them, since she can't control
 how they flail around, but it's close enough that your power might interpret
 it the same way.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm not sure I think much of this theory,” said my mother.
 “But I suppose it bears testing -- if I could think of a good test, anyway.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, the test would be if shielding a number of people for a long time
 got easier when you focused on something scary, especially something scary
 that you could otherwise prevent,” I said.
 “But I don't think you should shield Jake again unless there's some kind
 of emergency, if you can't hedge out whoever the packmate is, because it
 would look bad for the packmate to suddenly be intangible to Chelsea's
 power or invisible to Marcus or whatever.
 So just focus on me for now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have plenty to be 
\emph on
anxious
\emph default
 about, but there's nothing 
\emph on
immediate
\emph default
 here to be afraid of,” she said.
 “I was briefly alarmed about the possibility of Pera being here, but I
 think you're right that it's too unlikely to worry about.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I suppose I could attack you or something, but I'm not very threatening,
 especially since I can't blast you,” I said.
 “And Jake would have a hard time threatening a houseplant right now.” I
 shrugged my good shoulder.
 “Maybe we can figure something out with Kate? She could threaten to zap
 me...
 maybe after I'm healed,” I added, looking at my bad shoulder and frowning.
 “In the meantime maybe work on the distance exercise again?” She stepped
 back to a distance of some twenty-five feet, closing her eyes and sighing.
 “I don't know what getting Tased with a broken shoulder would -- Mama?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother was staring past me; I looked around but couldn't figure out why.
 “Is something wrong?” I asked, speaking up over the meaningless murmurs
 coming from behind me.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elsie, come here,” my mother said, slowly and carefully, without moving
 from her vantage point, but her voice trembled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't want to wake Jake,” I said.
 “Why
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\emph on
Elspeth Annarose Cullen
\emph default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” she began shrilly, and then suddenly I noticed Allirea crouched over
 me with her mouth open near my throat, and I let out a startled 
\emph on
eep
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I was helping,” announced Allirea, standing up from her crouch and folding
 her arms as she spoke to my mother, whose eyes were wide and furious.
 “If that helped, then you do not need to let Katrina electrify Elspeth.
 Isn't that preferable?” she inquired.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked around at Allirea.
 “You were threatening me to scare her?” I asked.
 “That sounds...
 like a really dangerous thing to do.
 For you, I mean.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I would not have really harmed you,” said Allirea.
 “I have no wish to, and Isabella would certainly have killed me if I had,
 although I was close enough to you that I could have managed some amount
 of injury before she would have gotten me away from you.
 But look,” she said smugly.
 “I am completely faded, and you are speaking to me, and Isabella has not
 yet lost hold of her shield.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“...
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

It 
\emph on
did
\emph default
 feel easier,” admitted my mother slowly, still looking daggers at Allirea
 but not moving to take revenge for the scare.
 “And it feels stable now.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can I affect Elspeth if we are both under your shield?” Allirea asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let me check,” my mother said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Check what?” I asked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes, apparently,” my mother said, as Allirea flared into importance again
 beside me.
 “How odd.
 Unfade,” my mother told Allirea, “I hear someone coming.” I didn't notice
 any difference in Allirea.
 Over the next mountain, my grandparents came into view.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
