#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{31}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Tender
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Heavy smoke rolled down the hill, but not near enough for Jake to breathe
 much of it.
 I sat near his head and attempted to fan away what little of it wafted
 towards us.
 Esme offered me her cardigan, which made a more efficient fan, and Carlisle
 approached soon after.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No stitches,” I muttered to my grandfather, waving the sweater through
 the air with my good arm.
 “It didn't help when Santiago tried it with Eve, the venom melted them
 and then there were just more holes in her to heal and she died anyway.
 He shouldn't phase back if he can avoid it.
 Because of the body mass to venom ratio.
 Embry phased once after getting bit and nearly died on the spot and didn't
 have the energy to phase back again and...” I paused for breath.
 “But if there's a way to get the fur out of the wound, if you have scissors
 or something, that's good.
 If you have painkillers that's good.
 They've had some luck with blood transfusions but there's no one else here
 with blood except me and I don't know what half-vampire blood would do,
 they never had a chance to try it with Cody and probably wouldn't have
 dared anyway because he's venomous, but it's a last resort, I suppose,
 if he takes a turn for the worse.
 He'll sleep a lot if he's lucky.
 He won't want to eat but he's got to.
 Meat.
 He's an obligate carnivore in this form.
 Don't bite the animals, they can't have venom in them.
 And water, he needs lots to drink.
 At least he isn't going to get infected or run a fever beyond his normal
 body temperature...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During this babble, my grandparents were joined by my mother, who refrained
 from trying to hug me while I was fanning the smoke away.
 “Carlisle, maybe you'd better go fetch your med kit,” she said, and he
 nodded, and went.
 “Esme, something for Jacob to eat and drink, maybe? Elspeth, I can do that,”
 she offered as Esme left too, indicating the cardigan.
 “You shouldn't move around too much with your shoulder.” Her voice was brisk,
 but anxious.
 She wasn't ready to relax.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I handed the sweater over and let myself drop to the ground again while
 she carried on blowing the smoke away.
 I remembered Pera, turning, and I put my hand on Jake's face under his
 scarcely-open eye and sent him nothing.
 
\shape italic
Until Carlisle is back with something for the pain,
\shape default
 I explained.
 A little of the motionless tension drained out of Jake.
 His breathing evened out some.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth,” said my mother, still fanning the air with Esme's cardigan, “is
 his pack going to
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Jake,” I murmured, “open your eyes once if you've still got packmates,
 twice if you don't.” His eyelid rose once, fell, and rose again.
 “His sisters can talk to him but only voluntarily,” I murmured.
 “They can't even tell he's phased if he doesn't talk to them.
 We're okay.
 But -- but how did Demetri catch up with you and Allirea?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother's jaw clenched.
 “I don't know,” she said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Allirea drifted down the mountain towards us, a serene expression on her
 face.
 “Your parents-in-law are gone, Isabella, and Elspeth has already seen me
 fade, and it does not look as though her wolf will notice me either way;
 do you object if I relax now? I am as good as my word -- you enabled me
 to kill him, so I will continue to help you as best I can.
 Although I would like the chance to visit Montevideo at least and see as
 soon as possible if I can catch up with my more restless child.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let's figure out how to answer my daughter's question first while she can
 still remember you exist,” my mother replied, “since your existence 
\shape italic
just might possibly
\shape default
 be relevant thereto.
 Then I want to talk to Siobhan before we start planning flights to Uruguay
 or anywhere else.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Allirea shrugged.
 “You did not shield me constantly.
 He may have noticed that we were going to airports near houses belonging
 to your family and anticipated that we would be near here soon, and then
 when you dropped the shield, he was able to follow us more precisely.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Or he could have gotten in touch with somebody from Volterra and picked
 up a clue from how they talked about Eleazar's behavior that Allirea was
 here,” I offered.
 “He doesn't -- didn't -- usually get help, but he might have been stumped
 when he couldn't track you the usual way consistently.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother frowned.
 “The second possibility is somewhat worrying...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“As long as Allirea was faded during a conversation like that, anybody Demetri
 talked to would have written it off as him being obsessive about his weird
 hobby if he mentioned anything about her,” I said.
 “She probably shouldn't actually unfade too much, Mama, it'll give them
 the chance to remember her...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fine, Allirea,” sighed my mother, “go ahead.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Who are you talking to?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Doesn't matter,” muttered my mother.
 The fire up the mountain died down to a low smolder, and the smoke started
 thinning out; she kept fanning it away regardless, untiring.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Oh,” I said.
 “Mama...
 are we going to find Grandpa Charlie and Grandma Renée, and tell them we're
 alive, after all this is over?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Assuming that we can in fact tell them that,” she sighed, “yes, I think
 so.
 Is Jacob likely to be all right?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Probably,” I said, closing my eyes and continuing to offer him the soothing
 nothingness.
 “Probably.
 If he can stay put and keep food down.
 But he can't fight and shouldn't move or phase for the next few days.” I
 wasn't sure, but I thought he might have fallen asleep.
 I kept the sending ongoing anyway -- I didn't want him to wake up from
 suddenly unmuted pain if I could help it -- but made a mental note to check
 in with him later, make sure that it didn't keep him from sleeping well
 by shoving aside normal dreams or anything strange like that.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, we'll talk to Siobhan and see what she has to say about that,” my
 mother replied softly.
 She paused.
 “You've gotten very attached to him.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“He's mine,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Clearly.” She didn't sound judgmental, exactly, although that was the nearest
 adjective I could come up with.
 She sounded like she wanted to be judgmental but knew perfectly well there
 was nothing to judge me (us) about.
 “He probably saved your life.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, and my shoulder twinged.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm glad you have him,” she decided.
 “There was a split second, when Demetri kicked me away -- I thought you
 were going to die, Elspeth.
 It was as if...” She paused, thinking, and asked, “Do you have Harry and Sue
 Clearwater's memories, by any chance?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I replied, although I'd never had cause to think of them before.
 “Up until a couple of minutes before they were killed.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm curious if...
 Well, I thought you were going to die, and for that split second I think
 I might have traded Edward for you if that had for some insane reason been
 an option on the table.” She hesitated again to measure her words, then
 proceeded.
 “I would have regretted it for the rest of my life.
 Either way I would have regretted it for the rest of my life, actually,
 so that may be irrelevant.
 But I might have done it.
 Some interaction between the fact that I was already a vampire when you
 were born and didn't lose half your childhood in a fog, and the fact that
 you're Edward's daughter too, and for all I know the fact that I'm immune
 to Chelsea is in the mix -- my point is that I love you, and you don't
 have a way to remember directly how much, and I imagine at this point looking
 at Edward's memories of the five days we had you would be a little soured
 for you.
 He could have behaved better when he met you, Chelsea or no, though I can't
 say I'm not just bewildered that anyone lets her -- look at me, saying
 “lets her” like anyone 
\shape italic
lets
\shape default
 her, but that's what it looks like to 
\shape italic
me
\shape default
, so I'm not a good judge of whether he could have really behaved better
 or not.” She sighed.
 “The next obvious thing to look at, to understand, would be Harry and Sue,
 
\shape italic
if
\shape default
 it's the same, which I'm not sure of.
 But it might be.
 They stayed to fight -- they each 
\shape italic
let
\shape default
 the other stay to fight against hopeless odds -- but not before they sent
 Cody away to relative safety.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know you love me, Mama,” I said, looking away from her and fixing my
 eyes on the stark landscape.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know you know 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
 I love you,” she said.
 “I'm not sure if you know how 
\shape italic
much
\shape default
.
 I don't know if you meant to include it in the summary or not, Elspeth,
 but I did notice a distinct undercurrent of wondering how I'd balance you
 and your father.
 I am 
\shape italic
not
\shape default
 incapable of putting other things ahead of him if -- if I have to.
 In a perfect world I wouldn't have to.
 But I don't live in a perfect world, I never have, and in all likelihood
 I never will.
 So if I have to prioritize, I 
\shape italic
can
\shape default
.
 I may have mentioned once or twice that I consider this an important skill.
 And just because now I know he's alive, he does not 
\shape italic
automatically win
\shape default
 in 
\shape italic
every
\shape default
 contest.
 I'm a mother, too, not just a wife.
 If you need anything from me, you can ask.” She looked at Jake, and said,
 “If you'd rather depend on him, now, I...
 will understand.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Detachedly, I supposed that “will understand” was, coming from my mother,
 a confident version of “try to understand” rather than a rephrasing of
 “do understand“.
 She was pretty sure that if she tried she'd succeed, so she didn't bother
 with the weaker word “try“, but she hadn't tried 
\shape italic
yet
\shape default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A few seconds went by without either of us talking.
 The only sounds of import were the whoosh of Esme's sweater, and breathing,
 and occasional popping and crackling from the diminshed fire up the hill.
 “Should I look at Harry or Sue first?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Either,” she said.
 “I'm not sure...
 I didn't keep in touch with them much after Cody was born.
 Harry might have some complications around his feelings because Cody could
 have killed Sue, and they wouldn't have been really in a position to get
 to know their son until he was three days old.
 Some combination of the two, and the most charitable interpretation you
 can muster of your own first days from your father's perspective, I suppose.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I shrugged my good shoulder.
 “I don't know if I can look at them in full and do this at the same time,”
 I said, pointing my chin at where my hand rested on Jake's face.
 “I know what happened when I think about it, though.
 Harry and Sue...
 hm.
 I don't think they loved Cody more than Leah and Seth, which probably had
 something to do with what they did.
 They might've run if it hadn't been for their wolf kids.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The odds were still impossible,” my mother replied.
 “They were newborns, which can be an advantage, but not enough of one with
 Jane there, or Afton.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Afton got Sue,” I said distantly.
 “Jane and Demetri got Harry.
 They waited to burn them until Aro got there and decided there was nothing
 he wanted from them and no one who he'd provoke by killing them.
 More than they were already provoked, anyway.” I blinked away some mist
 in my eyes.
 The fire, uphill, finally came to a complete stop, and my mother stopped
 fanning and tied the sweater around her waist.
 “Chelsea cut off Leah and Seth from them first.
 Leah...
 I think Leah 
\shape italic
genuinely
\shape default
 would like Chelsea all by herself, just because Chelsea helped her about
 Sam.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I could see that,” my mother murmured.
 “Do you happen to have Sam's...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No, he got out of La Push with Jake's pack, and if Aro's ever read him
 it was since Addy's last update,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't interrupt me, Elspeth,” she said, without heat.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I knew what you were going to ask.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And you knew that I wouldn't like it even so.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sorry,” I sighed.
 “Why did you want to know if I had his memories, anyway?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I remember he was trying to see Emily as a sister, for Leah's sake,” she
 said, looking between me and Jake thoughtfully, “and had no luck.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have most of 
\shape italic
Leah's
\shape default
 memories, and Rachel's, and some of the rest of the wolves,” I said.
 “They heard some of what Sam was thinking around the time he tried that.
 But it's sort of fuzzy.
 Wolf memories are much more like human memories than like mine or a vampire's.
 I just have impressions and some unreliable verbatim stuff.
 But they thought Sam was definitely trying.
 Except nobody was clear on what it would mean to try, exactly, to see an
 already-romantic imprint as a sister.” I tilted my head.
 “I told you there was nothing creepy between me and Jake.
 It's true.
 I asked him about it and he said it was hard to even think about.” Carefully,
 wary of stemming the flow of blankness from me to Jake, I offered her the
 memory of the conversation.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She watched it, closing her eyes.
 “All right,” she said eventually.
 “I suppose at this point the only thing to do is wait and see...
 at least he's not liable to turn out like Demetri.
 That, at least, was never a complaint I heard about any imprinting wolves.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“...Killing people?” I asked, this being the only obvious misdeed of Demetri's
 besides simply working for the Volturi, which Jake had already spent time
 technically guilty of.
 “Yeah, I don't think Jake would kill anyone unless it was to defend me
 or
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Never mind.
 There's Esme,” my mother said.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I looked, I could just see my grandmother approach with a couple of
 Dall ewes slung over her shoulders.
 “Allirea,” my mother called, and I noticed the other half-vampire sitting
 by Demetri's ashes, looking calmer than I'd ever seen her before.
 “Elspeth, can you see her now?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Allirea? Yes,” I said.
 I debated whether to wake Jake up to offer him the food or not.
 The sheep wouldn't get any fresher.
 But he'd only just gotten to sleep.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually I just backed off on my projection of nothingness to see if that
 woke him, and he woke of his own accord, a low whine in the back of his
 throat.
 “Jake, you need to eat something,” I murmured.
 “Esme brought you some sheep.” Esme came to a graceful stop near us, and
 set the animals down nearby.
 I pulled my good hand off Jake's face and reached for the nearer sheep.
 Esme leaned in to help, but I shook my head.
 “Don't, I can do it.
 This way the food part won't smell like a vampire.” She'd brought down both
 sheep bloodlessly, quite intact except for snapped necks, and her scent
 adhered only faintly to the wool.
 I pulled the carcass nearer, bit it in the throat, and drew the blood out
 of it so it could be butchered with less mess, and then, working a little
 slowly with only one arm free, worked away some skin and pulled off a chunk
 of meat.
 “Jake,” I said, offering it to him, “you do need to eat.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He made a whuffling noise, not pleased with this prospect at all.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Please, Jake,” I said.
 “For me?” It was manipulative and sappy and it got him to open his mouth.
 I repeated this process, painstakingly coaxing him to swallow most of the
 first sheep, before Carlisle finally returned with his medkit and a few
 gallons of water.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Siobhan insisted that I tell her what had happened before I left,” he said
 to explain his delay, and he shooed me away and gave Jake morphine and
 trimmed away the fur near the wound with a small scissor.
 When Carlisle was done fussing with that, Jake let me pour one of the gallon
 jugs into his mouth a little at a time, grudgingly finished the first sheep,
 and then went back to sleep, looking more comfortable.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why do the Denalis have jugs of water lying around?” asked my mother.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Carmen took up drinking distilled water in place of tap water, and the
 others followed suit.
 They find the flavor, or rather lack of it, pleasanter, so now they buy
 it by the gallon and keep it on hand.
 Bella...” My mother turned to look at him.
 “Siobhan is nothing short of ecstatic that you have managed to find us,
 but she's confused about why you and Allirea would not have simply shielded
 each other, walked into the Volturi compound, and slaughtered anyone you
 found inconvenient.
 If you rescued David and Edward, the four of you could have likely opposed
 Demetri successfully if he caught up to you later.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Because I can't keep up my shield over her consistently,” my mother replied,
 rueful.
 “
\shape italic
Sometimes
\shape default
 I can keep it up for an hour or two, but more often it lasts a minute and
 then I drop it.
 I can't do it distracted, which I most certainly would be in Volterra,
 especially with Edward on the line.
 The mental fatigue stacks up awfully over time and the longer I keep it
 up, the harder it is to start again after I finally let go.
 Allirea's tricks to let her stay unfaded over long periods of time when
 she has to were mostly unhelpful, so I'm flying blind.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why didn't Siobhan follow you here?” I asked Carlisle.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Dares not risk seeing a faded Allirea before she has to,” Carlisle said.
 “Bella, she recommended that Elspeth blast you as soon as is feasible.
 Your ability to notice Allirea under all circumstances could prove essential
 at some point -- it may eventually be necessary for Siobhan to operate
 in the same area as Allirea while the latter fades -- and given that, you
 should have all the information you can get.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm,” said my mother.
 “Is there any reason not to do that now?” she asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
No one thought of anything, and I said, “So shall I, then?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother cast a look up the hill at Allirea.
 “Are you going to stay put while I'm out of it, or should we ask Eleazar
 out here to babysit you?” she asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I would 
\shape italic
like
\shape default
 to go to Montevideo, but I will not run away,” said Allirea, not sounding
 particularly offended by the suggestion that she might.
 “You helped me.
 I told you that I would help you if you helped me.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why Montevideo?” Carlisle asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My daughter,” murmured Allirea.
 “I borrowed a phone, during my trip with Bella, and called her house, and
 the person on the answering machine was not familiar, so she has probably
 already moved.
 If I went there in person I could look in more detail for her trail.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wondered why Allirea couldn't call her other children and get the middle
 daughter's contact information, but my copies of her memories provided
 the answer as soon as I wondered -- none of the three got along with the
 other two, and typically they pretended to be only children rather than
 acknowledge their half-siblings.
 This estrangement was helped by the fact that their parent in common was
 usually impossible to remember.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” my mother said, “all right then.
 Elspeth, have at it,” she sighed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took a deep breath, and hit her with everything I had.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She looked at me expectantly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nothing happened.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth?” my mother said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't understand, I tried it,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She looked at me sternly.
 “Elspeth, I 
\shape italic
can
\shape default
 still tell the difference between what it sounds like when you tell the
 truth and when you don't.
 But I'm very puzzled about why you'd choose right now to lie.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She sounded truthful to me,” said Esme.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And me,” said Allirea, and Carlisle nodded.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother stared around at the other witnesses, stricken.
 “Then...
 Elspeth, send me something, anything.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Testing
\shape default
, I offered.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Say when,” she added, after a moment.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I did it already,” I told her.
 I reached my good arm towards her, and she bent to touch her cheek to my
 fingertips.
 
\shape italic
Testing,
\shape default
 I sent again.
 “Did -- did that work?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” my mother said, and then she straightened, spun, and kicked the side
 of the mountain with a growl of frustration, gouging a hole in the rock
 with her bare foot.
 “Now my shield thinks you're a threat.
 Probably because the blast would have been incapacitating.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you open up deliberately, as you did with Jasper...?” asked Carlisle.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know.
 Maybe,” my mother said, grinding her teeth.
 “That's the only time I've ever managed the trick of 
\shape italic
letting
\shape default
 someone through -- Elspeth's always been an exception, I didn't have to
 
\shape italic
allow
\shape default
 her to communicate with me before -- and I was somewhat desperate the last
 time I saw Jasper.
 When I shielded Allirea, it was like I was splitting my shield into two
 layers and getting her under the outer one -- the inner one still protected
 me 
\shape italic
from
\shape default
 her.
 I'm not sure if I was doing that, or something else, when I was flailing
 around trying to let Jasper read my emotions.
 I'll try it...” She bit her lip and closed her eyes in concentration.
 “I've got you,” she murmured, sounding strained.
 “Quick, before I lose it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Testing
\shape default
, I sent again.
 “Did
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother let out a breath, scowled, and shook her head.
 “Nothing.” She clutched at her forehead with one hand, emanating frustration.
 “I recognize Siobhan's expertise in the matter, but I'm not 
\shape italic
quite
\shape default
 getting the impression that my life depends on letting Elspeth blast me,
 so I don't see how I can muster the desperation I used to give Jasper a
 way through.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's powered by desperation?” I asked.
 “That's weird.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That seems to be the common thread between the situations when it does
 something unusual,” my mother replied.
 “Well, that or the way it was when I added immunity to Jasper in the first
 place, which I did while sitting calmly in the Norway house puzzling over
 the inexplicable fact that such an immunity did not come factory-installed.
 When I was immune to 
\shape italic
Kate
\shape default
 of all people, it just defies common sense...
 But yes, I was desperate when it reassembled me from flaming scraps, and
 I was desperate when I let Jasper through, and I was desperate when I ran
 into Eleazar and Allirea and she gave me the idea to try to share my protection.
” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I mean that's 
\shape italic
weird
\shape default
, as in, most witch powers are not even sort of like that,” I said.
 “If they're dependent on the witch's mental state at all, they're usually
 relying on something purely emotional rather than anything like 
\shape italic
desperation
\shape default
, which is more about circumstances.
 I would expect it to be more about something like fear, or anger...
 My point is that as long as you don't have a really good understanding
 of how you manipulate your shield, isn't it safer to assume that it's more
 like other powers that have triggers instead of perfect responsiveness
 to the will?” I was talking very technically, pulling a lot of the phrases
 directly from how Addy talked to herself in her more scholarly moments.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother looked at me blankly.
 Carlisle said, “Where are you getting this notion, Elspeth?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“From Addy,” I replied.
 I paused a moment, and said, “Mama, I think I have to be your Addy.”
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
