#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{24}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Sister
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I woke up the next morning quite alone.
 The bag of food Jake had brought in the previous night was on the floor
 next to my bed; I ate most of it but left a respectable breakfast for him
 in case he hadn't set aside any of it when I wasn't looking.
 Jake had presumably found some other place to sleep.
 I supposed he wouldn't be up yet, but I found the vampires in the same
 room we'd been in to begin with when I looked.
 Liam was back from his excursion.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Morning, Elspeth,” said Maggie.
 “Sleep well?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I slept fine.
 Did anything interesting happen overnight?” I asked, looking particularly
 at Liam.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No response from your mother, at least not yet,” Siobhan said, “but Liam
 told her how to get in touch with us, so that could change at any time.
 Once your wolf is up I want to leave for Belfast, in case any of Cath's
 friends show up early or try to grab dinner on their way in -- in fact,
 if you could get him now, before sunup, it'd be easier to get from here
 to the car without risking someone driving by and noticing us.
 He doesn't have to drive; he can sleep in the car if he needs it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded and went looking for Jake; he was snoring just a few doors down
 from where he'd put me.
 “Jake,” I said, tapping him on the shoulder.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bwuh,” he said groggily.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wake up,” I said, “we're going to Belfast.
 You can sleep more in the car.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Bwuh,” he repeated, sounding like this was intended as a not-very-verbal
 acquiescence, but he didn't actually move.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I 
\shape italic
can
\shape default
 pick you up if I have to,” I said.
 “Think of how silly that would look.
 I bet Maggie would laugh at you.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jake hauled himself up to a sitting position and out of bed, and looked
 at me blearily.
 “I know you're stronger than you look, but I still can't 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 get that you could carry me around,” he said.
 “I'm like four times your size.
 You're 
\shape italic
little
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And you're a giant, but I have superpowers,” I said.
 “Well, I might accidentally clonk you against a doorway, but you can heal,
 right?” I asked cheekily.
 “C'mon.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You're in a good mood,” he remarked, ambling after me back down the hall
 to where the vampires were hanging out.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I feel pretty optimistic, with Siobhan helping,” I said.
 “And probably at least some of the English vampires and probably everyone
 in Denali if Siobhan helps figure out how to get the coven not interested
 in being the Volturi's spies anymore.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I guess.
 I'm going to be all nerves around the big vampire shindig, though,” he
 muttered.
 “Not that I could actually, you know, 
\shape italic
win
\shape default
 against any number of them without a pack backing me up, but I'd feel better
 for no good reason whatsoever, if you stood behind me once we're there.
 Personal friends of the lady who gave birth to you are one thing; distant
 acquaintances of said lady's sire-in-law are another.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Why would any of them want to hurt me?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know,” he said.
 “I mean, you don't smell like food to them any more than I do, I guess,
 but maybe one of them wants to see if half-vampire could be an acquired
 taste? I really don't want to think about that.
 Are you okay standing behind me just on the grounds that I'd be less irrational
ly terrified, or would I have to be rationally terrified first?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, I want to see what's going on,” I said.
 “I could sit on your shoulders, would that do it? And then if somebody
 looks at me hungrily you can phase and I'll already be sitting on you and
 you can carry me away.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Fair enough,” he said.
 We rounded the corner to rejoin the rest of the group, and Siobhan impatiently
 crooked a finger.
 We piled into the car with some difficulty, and Jake promptly fell asleep.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan occupied me during the drive talking about the Denalis.
 “You said last night that Kate was the weak point, since she's likely to
 want to ignore you and find a way to interpret things that doesn't make
 Sasha's death her fault,” she prompted.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yeah,” I said.
 “I said that.
 I was tired but I still think that's probably the most likely way it would
 go wrong.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So,” Siobhan said, “how do we fix that?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Shouldn't you be the one coming up with plans, since your plans are magic?”
 I pointed out.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I would, if I had your memories, and I 
\shape italic
will
\shape default
, after you blast me, which I'm increasingly confident you should -- but
 I need to be alert for the meeting, and can't be sure I'd recover from
 a blast in time.
 I probably should have asked you to do it last night before you went to
 bed.
 But in the meantime, we should have at least a 
\shape italic
rudimentary
\shape default
 plan, however much it suffers from being non-magical or of reduced magicalness,
 which draws on the best available source of information about the Denali
 vampires, namely you.” Siobhan sounded vaguely contemptuous when she talked
 about magic, but continued.
 “We need this rudimentary plan in case something happens to you, or me,
 such that you 
\shape italic
can't
\shape default
 blast me later; we need this rudimentary plan so we have something more
 coherent than Carlisle's “lets all sit in one place and pat each other
 on the back for being so 
\shape italic
rebellious
\shape default
” inclination when we decide what new information is worth gathering and
 what resources are worth acquiring in the short term; we need this rudimentary
 plan so we don't sound like idiots to Cath and her friends tonight.
 So.
 How do we fix the problem with Kate? If you need your train of thought
 refreshed, you were in the middle of saying
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That I could blast her.
 I remember.
 Is there something wrong with that idea, that we need another one?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“A few things,” said Siobhan.
 “It's kind of an aggressive behavior.
 Her family and friends might not like it and could take exception.
 Also, in case it hasn't occurred to you, she's currently sitting in the
 middle of a large gathering of friendly vampires, many of whom haven't
 met one another before.
 I'd be kind of surprised if Carlisle's gathering hadn't yielded at least
 
\shape italic
one
\shape default
 new mated pair.
 She could be half of it; we wouldn't know.
 That's a wrench in the works of any plans we make that assume Kate is single.
 It's also probably overkill.
 Also probably not the most 
\shape italic
precisely targeted
\shape default
 solution you can come up with.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is precise targeting that important?” I asked.
 “I mean, I might not have thought of the way Kate would 
\shape italic
actually
\shape default
 behave, so
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So you want to nuke her brain with everything you have in case something
 sticks? If you didn't think of the way Kate will actually behave, the solution
 is to think of the way Kate will actually behave, or at least a menu she's
 likely to choose from.
 If you can come up with a plan that will work 
\shape italic
no matter what
\shape default
 -- that 
\shape italic
doesn't
\shape default
 rely, one way or another, on us having an accurate prediction -- please,
 enlighten me.” I didn't say anything, and Siobhan continued, “Now, maybe
 you were thinking of the fact that it's a good idea to minimize how bad
 the worst-case scenario is, and that's a factor.
 But blasting her is probably not the best way to do 
\shape italic
that
\shape default
, either, because it could make a lot of people very angry, and 
\shape italic
if
\shape default
 it backfired, we'd have a very knowledgeable electric witch who didn't
 much care for us on our hands.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So how do we
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” Siobhan began again.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm thinking, I'm thinking.” Kate...
 I had comparatively few memories 
\shape italic
from
\shape default
 her.
 She'd been a vampire for shy of fifty years, when Sasha's trial occurred
 and Aro read her.
 Her life had consisted of a lot of material that I would not have been
 allowed to see in theaters even if I could convince the ticket taker that
 I was sixteen, mostly, with occasional dollops of less deadly play and
 conversation between her and her sisters and her mother.
 She hadn't had to confront many inconvenient truths during that time, and
 I couldn't remember being a subsequent Kate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So I watched her through Irina's eyes, instead
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

-- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- “Hey,” Kate says, dropping lightly next to us in our current meeting
 place.
 “Huh, all three of us here at once? There's something new.
 We've been here a week and this is the first time none of us got caught
 someplace else by the sun.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I just got back myself,” I say.
 “Tanya, on the other hand, has been lazing about all day.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“It's not 
\shape default
lazing
\shape italic
,” says Tanya.
 “I've been 
\shape default
thinking
\shape italic
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“What've you been thinking about that's worth skipping a hunt?” Kate asks.
 “Mm, I had myself the most delightful blacksmith not an hour ago.
 There was this entire subtext-laden conversation during which he accused
 me of being fairy folk and I picked up some iron to prove I wasn't, and
 he said “lovely one, if you are not fey, you are surely an angel“...
 I think he knew I wasn't one of 
\shape default
those
\shape italic
 earlier than some catch on.
 Didn't affect the flavor, though...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I was thinking about...
 men, I guess.
 Do you ever think about going back to the same one twice?” Tanya asks.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I blink.
 “Tanya? Tanya, honey, we can't really do that.
 They die.
 I mean, if you're into that now...
 well, it'd surprise me, but...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Well, that's my point,” Tanya says.
 “They die.
 Why do they die? Because we decide to kill them.
 I guess I don't know about you two, since we haven't tried sharing one
 since the fiasco in Berlin, but 
\shape default
I
\shape italic
 haven't accidentally shattered a pelvis or even cracked a collarbone in
 a few decades.
 They 
\shape default
could
\shape italic
 walk away, after, if we wanted.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Then...
 who would we eat?” asks Kate, tilting her head.
 “Doesn't it seem inefficient to partition the hunting like that?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Oh, I think I see what you're getting at,” I say to Tanya.
 “Until we kill them they're 
\shape default
reusable
\shape italic
.
 Like your blacksmith with the pretty compliments, Katie, you could have
 left him alive and visited him as many times as you wanted.
 Maybe he'd have thought of something else charming to say.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I think he knew what I am, though,” Kate reminded me.
 “We don't want to get in trouble! We all agreed we would stick together
 and 
\shape default
not get in trouble
\shape italic
 after Mother...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I bow my head, and so does Tanya.
 But Tanya looks up again and says, “Well, we could leave the ones who 
\shape default
don't
\shape italic
 figure it out alive.
 It's usually pretty obvious when they notice, right? I mean, mine tend
 to start saying things like “succubus!” and whatnot, when they notice,
 as though this could be new information to me; those I could go on eating...
 There are probably even ways to make it harder to figure out.
 I bet a good soak in a hot bath could warm us up long enough to
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Long enough to selectively kill the 
\shape default
best ones
\shape italic
,” Kate giggles.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Well, the men 
\shape default
themselves
\shape italic
 are also rather warming,” I say.
 “Niiiiice and warm.
 Oh, or we could make them take us to comfortable places with good fireplaces,
 keep the room very hot...
 And if we didn't kill them, if we got really 
\shape default
good
\shape italic
 at not needing to kill them, we could pick out practically anybody! It
 wouldn't have to be 
\shape default
just
\shape italic
 people we can seduce 
\shape default
quickly
\shape italic
 so no one sees us, or 
\shape default
just
\shape italic
 people no one will notice missing too soon.” I pause.
 “Tanya, are you bringing this idea up so we can go back to Russia and give
 you another chance at having that prince you fancied but couldn't get because
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“No, he'd be old now,” Tanya scoffs, but then she looks thoughtful.
 “He might have aged gracefully, though, he'd look distinguished with a
 little silver in his hair...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Ooh,” says Kate, “and if he lived, it wouldn't 
\shape default
matter
\shape italic
 who saw you go into his room...
 well, except his wife, I guess she could be annoying...
 because there wouldn't be any body that people would be looking to explain!”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“There would 
\shape default
be
\shape italic
 a body, just a live one,” Tanya purrs, “and such a 
\shape default
fine
\shape italic

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Your interest in Russian royalty aside,” I say, “this is kind of interesting.
 All kinds of novelty would open up.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Novelty and repetition at the same time,” says Kate.
 “Neat.”
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

-- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- “Okay, look,” Kate says, “I went along with it when you said that maybe
 we shouldn't kill all the men we go home with, and sure, that's worked
 out or I think one of us would have given up on it in the last forty years,
 but 
\shape default
this
\shape italic
? You've gone around the bend, sister.
 And I can't get used to your 
\shape default
eyes
\shape italic
 like that.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“No, listen,” Tanya says.
 “Please take me seriously, you owe me that, don't you? Katie
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Don't “Katie” me,” Kate says.
 “You had lots of good practical reasons indicating that we shouldn't necessaril
y eat in bed, and I went along, didn't I? This isn't practical at all.
 This is...
 I don't know what this is.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“We were human once too,” Tanya says.
 “Katie.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Irina, back me up,” Kate insists.
 “Have you ever gotten near enough an animal to smell it? That's not food,
 that's poison
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I don't have time to speak.
 “It's not poison!” says Tanya.
 “I waited until I was sure before I told you, I've been drinking it for
 
\shape default
weeks
\shape italic
, did you 
\shape default
really
\shape italic
 think I wanted to go to Uzbekistan for two months on my own just to see
 if I could convince anyone there to 
\shape default
marry
\shape italic
 me? And I'm fine.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“You're weak as a kitten,” says Kate.
 “I 
\shape default
was
\shape italic
 watching when you sparred with Irina, you're usually matched up evenly,
 but today she pins you like you're some two-year-old with no training?
 The animal blood's not good for you.
 Maybe it didn't kill you in small quantities, but what if you waste away?
 Irina, back me
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I would have noticed if I were wasting away!” Tanya shouts.
 “Okay.
 I'm not as strong.
 That's true.
 But I'm just as fast -- and I think my head is clearer, I think I'm 
\shape default
thinking
\shape italic
 better
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Right, 
\shape default
this
\shape italic
 is a sign of clear thinking,” scoffs Kate.
 “Spontaneously deciding to experiment on yourself so you don't “have to”
 drink human blood, like it's some awful burden, that's high-quality, clear
 thinking there.
 I should knock you over and have Irina bring me a human and see if some
 
\shape default
decent
\shape italic
 food 
\shape default
clears your head
\shape italic
...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Tanya doesn't respond normally to the threat.
 She'd usually crouch, or at least hiss.
 I know her, I know Kate, this is 
\shape default
their thing
\shape italic
 -- Kate takes offense at something Tanya says, suggests using her witchcraft,
 Tanya pretends to be up for a fight, then they laugh...
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
No crouch, no hiss.
 Tanya just looks sadly at our sister.
 “Think about it,” she pleads.
 “I'm...
 I'm going to go not kill a guy.” And she runs off.
 Just as fast as normal, like she said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Irina,” says Kate, “you didn't say anything.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I couldn't get a word in edgewise,” I say.
 “You kept interrupting each other.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Kate shrugs.
 “True.
 Do you think she'll be okay?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I...
 I think she might 
\shape default
be
\shape italic
 okay,” I say.
 “Already.
 Did you notice she didn't hiss at
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Of course I noticed,” Kate says.
 “Weird.
 This not-eating-people thing has really changed her.
 Definitely not safe.
 I just hope she comes back to her senses soon.
 I like both my sisters the way we've always been,” she says, grinning at
 me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I don't say anything.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“You're not taking her seriously, are you?” Kate asks me.
 “I mean...
 animals? Really? When we can go on eating all the yummy, nutritious human
 blood we
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“You remember the man in Sarkand that I
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I interrupted.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Yeah,” Kate interrupted back.
 “You were seeing him for almost a month, he would have been hard to miss.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“He had a very close family,” I murmured.
 “He would have been sad if they died.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Kate looked at me quizzically.
 “You didn't eat any of them, did you? I don't think I did.
 Did Tanya
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I shook my head.
 “I don't think anybody ate any of his relatives.
 But I wouldn't have wanted him to be sad.
 I liked him.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“...Well, then, I don't understand your point.
 Isn't it good that no one ate his family?” Kate said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Yes,” I said.
 “My point is that I cared if 
\shape default
he
\shape italic
 was sad, and 
\shape default
he
\shape italic
 cared if things happened to 
\shape default
them
\shape italic
, and...
 it's not 
\shape default
crazy
\shape italic
 to care about humans.
 Tanya's not 
\shape default
crazy
\shape italic
, Kate, she's just extending it a little farth-” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Shut up,” said Kate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Katie
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“
\shape default
Don't “Katie” me,”
\shape italic
 she hissed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“But
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“No, not “but“! Irina, listen to yourself! While you were seeing the fellow
 in Sarkand I know for a 
\shape default
fact
\shape italic
 that you ate 
\shape default
three
\shape italic
 people that month.
 And that's just that month.
 If you agree with Tanya, that's like saying that was 
\shape default
wrong
\shape italic
, like you did something bad.
 It wasn't wrong.
 We haven't done anything wrong.
 We're all nice people.
 Our 
\shape default
mother
\shape italic
 didn't 
\shape default
raise
\shape italic
 bad people.
 It's okay.
 We're all okay.
 You didn't do anything wrong, Irina, Tanya's just being silly.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Ka-” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Shut up.” I open my mouth one more time, and she smacks me hard across the
 cheek, and the lightning arcs through me and I'm on the ground with a gasp.
 Kate's already gone.
 I don't know where to.
 I don't try to follow her.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I ate 
\shape default
two
\shape italic
 people that month.
 
\shape default
Kate
\shape italic
 ate three
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

-- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- “Dear God,” says Kate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I don't think he's listening, Katie,” I say.
 “Evil soulless damned creatures and all
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Ugh, don't say it, I can't bear it,” she says.
 “Don't say “evil“.
 We weren't, were we? Really, were we? I mean, yes, p-people died, but...”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“We didn't understand,” I say, trying to be soothing.
 I don't know what made it hit her, I don't know why it happened today instead
 of yesterday or a year ago when Tanya first rejoined us after Uzbekistan...
 but it's today.
 I haven't seen Kate since last week.
 Tanya's been on iffy terms with her.
 I've had to be the mediator -- I'm sort of wending towards Tanya's diet,
 but sometimes I treat myself, sometimes I slip up, I don't have her willpower,
 or not yet.
 They'll both talk to me.
 “It's still hard, for me, you know
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I can't bear it,” says Kate again.
 “How do you? How do you say “yes, Tanya is right, we must not kill humans,
 they are nearly as valuable as us, if we kill someone's sister it is almost
 like if someone killed one of us, if we kill someone's mother it is almost
 like -- like
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” How do you stand it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“...I'm not sure what you're having trouble with here,” I admit.
 “If you're asking how I resist the blood you should talk to Tanya, I'm
 still not very
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I'm asking about the 
\shape default
guilt
\shape italic
, how do you live with the 
\shape default
guilt
\shape italic
? How do you walk around believing that you've killed people 
\shape default
and that was wrong
\shape italic
, that you probably won't be able to stop yourself from doing it again 
\shape default
and that will be wrong
\shape italic
?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I shrug.
 “I don't worry about it that much.
 I think you might be overthinking things.
 I'm still doing better than most vampires, right? Even if I mess up a little?
 It's, you know, a lifestyle choice.
 We did the one thing, we're doing this other thing now, Tanya's good at
 it, I'm okay at it, you can see how you are at it or not.
 I still love you either way.
 I think Tanya does, too.
 I think she'll eventually talk to you again even if you decide to go on
 eating people.
 I mean, it's hard to see how she could blame you all 
\shape default
that
\shape italic
 much...
 humans are 
\shape default
really
\shape italic
 tasty, animals are 
\shape default
really
\shape italic
 not.
 She's being petulant but it's obvious she misses you; she'd talk to you
 again eventually no matter what.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Kate shakes her head slowly.
 “You think she'd get over it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Yeah,” I say.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
She stares into space.
 Then she shakes her head again and adjusts her hair.
 “I want to move,” she says abruptly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Like where? Ooh, we could go to Greece
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I begin.
 We've been doing this awkward dance where Kate or Tanya says they want
 to go somewhere, and I propose it like it was my own idea to the other,
 so we can still stick together like Mother wanted.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Nowhere we've been before.
 I want to get out of Europe and Asia entirely.
 I want to go to...
 Let's swim to the New World,” she says.
 “Let's start over, there.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“By start over, you mean...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I'll eat the damn animals, Irina,” says Kate, and then her face scrunches
 up as though she would cry, and she flings her arms out and hugs me.
 No electric charge.
 I hug my sister back
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think,” I said, “I have an idea, but I don't know if we can pull it off.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do tell,” said Siobhan.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Kate was the last of the sisters to become a vegetarian,” I said slowly,
 keeping my eyes closed, waiting for Memory to push something at me that
 invalidated my idea.
 “She couldn't handle the guilt that would come with admitting to herself
 that she'd, well, murdered a lot of people
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Wimp,” said Maggie smugly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“-- and so she ignored it,” I said, ignoring Maggie.
 “And went on eating people for a year.
 But when she finally changed her mind, it was when Irina assured her that
 she still loved her, and thought Tanya would eventually talk to her again
 even if Kate didn't change her diet.
 So I 
\shape italic
think
\shape default
 that maybe, if we had some way to be sure that everyone would promise to
 forgive Kate for working with the Volturi, she'd follow Tanya and confess
 to Carlisle.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, Carlisle's a convenient person to have in charge of the matter, then,”
 said Siobhan.
 “He'd forgive her for anything.
 I would only be 
\shape italic
somewhat
\shape default
 flabbergasted if he'd forgive her for killing Esme.
 The man is some kind of alien.
 And Esme will follow him, and the two of their children who are in Denali
 have the depth of a petri dish apiece and can't hold grudges with any substance
, and the others there aren't her 
\shape italic
personal
\shape default
 friends, they aren't 
\shape italic
family
\shape default
...
 That leaves you, Elspeth.
 I imagine you still count in her mind, wouldn't you?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Probably.
 My parents might, too, and Alice and Jasper...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alice and Jasper aren't likely to throw off something like this.
 They're working for the Volturi far too explicitly to have a leg to stand
 on if they complain about Kate, Chelsea or no Chelsea.
 What about your parents, Elspeth?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My father...
 is a little like Carlisle.
 Well, not in how he 
\shape italic
thinks
\shape default
 about forgiveness.
 Carlisle is more about always hoping that people will grow and improve
 and stuff, and my father is...
 actually kind of depressed, in nearly every memory I have of him where
 he wasn't with my mom, and some where he was.
 He doesn't like himself very much.
 He doesn't think he's in a position to judge anybody for a moral failing
 and forgives by default so he can be more like Carlisle.
 I don't know if my mother would 
\shape italic
actually
\shape default
 forgive Kate, but she'd probably be willing to pretend to, or would consider
 it completely irrelevant.
 Technically Gianna used to work for the Volturi, too, and so did I, for
 that matter.
 I don't think she'd give Kate that hard a time about it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Excellent,” said Siobhan.
 “And you really believe all that? I can't tell when you decorate your sentences
 with all those hedges.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked.
 “Yeah.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Excellent,” Siobhan said.
 “Now, if you were dropped in Denali right now and you managed to get out
 the words “Aro framed Sasha, but we'll all forgive you if you stop working
 for the Volturi right now, guys,” what would be the most likely way for
 this to fail...?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I groaned.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
