#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{24}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Stalker
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was slower than the vampires, but I went around to the other side of the
 mountain anyway when they bolted to see what was going on.
 Jake jogged after me, having a little more difficulty with the terrain
 but gamely trying to keep up with me.
 I didn't slow down for him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Demetri 
\shape italic
hadn't
\shape default
 been in Volterra when Addy had issued her blast.
 That meant, in theory, that I could knock him out for more than long enough
 to let the others destroy him.
 But Addy's suspicion about mated vampires kept me from trying that immediately.
 She'd thought that vampires would likely snap out of their trances if their
 mates had been in danger.
 Similar was her brief consideration about blasting Jacob so she could kidnap
 me.
 I was inclined to trust Addy's judgment about what a power she was borrowing
 could do.
 And it would be entirely characteristic of Demetri to interpret three vampires
 attacking him on Allirea's behalf as a threat to Allirea.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So I stayed my hand on the big gun, to break it out in a case where conventional
 methods didn't work -- if it didn't knock him out, it would give him an
 
\shape italic
advantage
\shape default
.
 I hung back, clinging from an outcropping of rock.
 But I could see.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Allirea had screamed as soon as she saw Demetri, and when I got a look at
 the scene, she was hiding behind Esme, who kept between him and his mate
 with a fiercer look on her face than seemed to belong there.
 Demetri kept his eyes on Allirea, but peripheral vision is good in vampires,
 and he wasn't having any trouble paying attention to my mother and grandfather
 as they circled him.
 “I'm not here about you,” Demetri said, holding up his hands in a gesture
 that looked peaceable but could turn into a brutal throw if someone ran
 at him.
 “Even though you're really supposed to be dead,” he added to my mother,
 “that's not my errand and I didn't come here to take care of that.
 I just want my mate and then we'll be on our way.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not going to happen,” my mother hissed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Demetri didn't waver.
 He stood poised and sharp-jointed, like a drawn sword, and kept his narrow
 eyes fixed on Allirea.
 “Is this some kind of payback you've arranged about 
\shape italic
your
\shape default
 mate?” he asked my mother in a low, careful voice.
 “Please.
 You can't keep my Alli the way they're keeping him, it'd kill her, please
 don't hurt her.
 I 
\shape italic
would
\shape default
 trade you.
 If I had him on hand to offer for her I'd
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's not about that,” Carlisle said, while my mother made an incoherent
 snarling noise.
 Behind me, Jake caught up, and stood warily at the ready.
 “If you will listen to us
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No outcome of this encounter that involves me 
\shape italic
not
\shape default
 leaving with my Alli -- both of us intact -- is acceptable,” said Demetri
 flatly.
 “If you don't want to try to wedge me into a deal about Edward I don't
 know what you're about.
 You're thickheaded, Carlisle, but you can't expect me to abandon my mate
 to our enemies, can you? Be reasonable.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“On the contrary,” said Carlisle, “Allirea's own wishes are important to
 us, Demetri, and you have an impairment in understanding them
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She plays little games,” Demetri said, a fond smile tipping up one corner
 of his mouth.
 “Alli, I wish you'd found someone else to involve...
 I think this lot thinks you were serious, someone might get hurt if you
 don't explain to them...
 Precious Alli, the 
\shape italic
puzzles
\shape default
 you set me.
 I wonder what the catch is this time.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A ferocious hiss erupted from my mother's throat suddenly as something caught
 her eye.
 “
\shape italic
That
\shape default
,” she roared, “is 
\shape italic
Edward's wedding ring
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Demetri glanced briefly at his hand.
 “Is that my hint? If I give you this, you'll let Alli go? I'm sure I would
 have figured that out eventually.
 Peace,” he said, and no one sprang at him when he worked the gold band
 off his finger.
 “I can get another.
 We can get a matching set, Alli my love, we can stop at a jewelry store
 on our way home, you can pick out anything you like.
 Try as I might I'm still not sure what you mean when you explain what you're
 looking for in rings...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Give it 
\shape italic
here
\shape default
,” demanded my mother in a dangerous voice, and Demetri tossed her the ring.
 “Elspeth,” she said, “catch.” She tossed me not only my father's ring, but
 also the other jewelry she kept on the chain around her neck.
 I plucked it all out of the air, strung the recovered piece onto the necklace
 with the rest, and slipped it over my head so it wouldn't be lost.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a beat, and then Demetri said, “Well? What am I missing now? Alli
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Almost too softly for me to hear, Allirea spoke for the first time since
 her shriek.
 “How many times,” she murmured, “must I tell you not to call me that?”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Demetri looked like he hadn't heard her at all.
 Her words just slipped past his understanding and landed somewhere else.
 Peering into his warped memories, even 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 could almost believe that Allirea was only playing, only teasing, only
 having a bit of fun
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- Tracking is so much easier when I look for someone I've met.
 Then I can just follow the pull, let it lead me across the surface of the
 earth towards my target.
 If the target's not moving fast I can even do some careful triangulation
 and pinpoint them.
 But that doesn't mean I'm not a fair tracker without my advantage.
 I'd probably never have developed the advantage without the skill, anyway.
 So when Aro says “we've heard tell of a fellow called Joham who, we are
 informed, has been siring half-vampires, and we would like to find him
 and his girls“, I don't say “is that so?”, I say “yes, Master” and hop
 to.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
A little asking around -- I know rather a lot of people -- and I'm on my
 way to where he was last seen by anyone I'm on speaking terms with, following
 his description west.
 I catch up with him in Mongolia, going the last forty miles mostly by scent.
 Not
\shape default
 Joham's 
\shape italic
scent, I've not met the man and wouldn't want to follow some arbitrary vampire
 halfway across China and lose my real quarry, but the odd fragrance of
 half-vampires that I learned in visiting his son.
 Sort of spicy, sort of fruity, but quite unique.
 I like the smell.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Predictably, given how I'm doing my work, I find one of the girls first.
 She's a slip of an Asian thing, quite young in demeanor -- this'll be the
 youngest, Iseul.
 She's surprised when I call her by name and acts confused when I ask to
 meet her father and sisters.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Sisters?” she asks, enunciating strangely.
 Maybe she's not familiar with this language? Should I switch? No, she'd
 ask if she needed to speak in some other tongue.
 English is usually a safe bet, and she repeated the word and she isn't
 staring at me bewildered and jabbering in Cantonese or whatever her native
 speech is.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Yes, and your father,” I reply.
 I loom over her a bit.
 Titchy creature.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I can take you to our current home...” she says, backing up a step to look
 me in the eye.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Please do,” I say, and she takes me at a dawdling publicly-acceptable pace
 to an apartment.
 The spicy-fruit aroma is all over the place, and drawing in thoughtful
 breaths I can separate three flavors of it -- the little one's, and her
 sisters.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Iseul goes in ahead of me, and promptly hugs in greeting a girl who must
 be the middle sister, the one with the Swiss mother -- the blond hair and
 the blue eyes give that away.
 Noemi, she was called.
 Sitting on the couch by the window, a book in her hand, is the eldest.
 “Allirea” was her name, I remember.
 It's a pretty name for a pretty girl.
 She's got her feet tucked under her and looks up at Iseul and me when we
 come in, but Iseul ignores her completely.
 Some kind of sibling rivalry there? There aren't any hints from Noemi's
 body language.
 “Father will be home soon,” Iseul says to me, and begins explaining my
 presence to the white sister.
 She's still ignoring pretty Allirea.
 So is Noemi.
 Why is that? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I 
\shape default
was
\shape italic
 told that Allirea was the witch, one who could divert notice from herself,
 but if she were doing that, surely I wouldn't be able to see her either?
 There she is, plain as day, perfectly simple to focus on.
 Actually, easier to focus on than anything else in the room.
 Her prattling sisters fade into the background.
 I'll notice if they try to run off -- I need to speak to the family entire
 -- but I don't have to pay 
\shape default
attention
\shape italic
 to them.
 I'm curious about the dark one with her book.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Allirea looks up at me, makes eye contact, and flinches.
 How strange.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I'm not here to hurt any of you,” I say.
 “Or your father.
 I just needed to find you because the Volturi are interested in having
 a half-vampire join our organization, and your brother wasn't interested.”
 I look at Allirea.
 If she's not getting along with her sisters, maybe she'll be the one.
 I think I'd like that.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I think you mean ‘either of you’, not ‘any’, Mr.
 Demetri,” Noemi says in a helpful voice.
 “I made that mistake often when I learned English
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“No, I mean ‘any’, there's three of you.” I point at Iseul, Noemi, and Allirea,
 and Allirea shrinks in towards herself.
 She looks panicky.
 Maybe her power is misbehaving, and she's not trying to hide, she's only
 accidentally blinding her sisters to her presence...? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Suddenly the both of them turn their heads towards her.
 “Allirea!” says Noemi, as though surprised.
 “What is it? Is something wrong?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I am quite confused now.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“
\shape default
He
\shape italic
 can 
\shape default
see
\shape italic
 me,” says Allirea, a quaver in her voice.
 She must be nervous about her power malfunctioning, although if she's putting
 it 
\shape default
that
\shape italic
 way it must be a matter of failing to cover me, rather than mistakenly
 covering her sisters.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Or maybe it just doesn't work on me for some reason.
 I wonder why that would be.
 I haven't been trying to track her with magic, so my advantage shouldn't
 be counteracting hers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Her sisters twitter to each other excitably, a thousand times more irrelevant
 than she could ever be.
 Am I really the only person who can notice her at all times? Does everyone
 else really ignore her? But she's so arrestingly exquisite.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Wouldn't it be something, if she were my
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

-- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Ah! Now it makes sense.
 I open my mouth to say something about it, but Allirea says, “Stop 
\shape default
looking
\shape italic
 at me!” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I'm confused again, but I close my eyes, and her sisters trail off midsentence
 as though they've forgotten what they're talking about.
 Perhaps she's hidden herself again.
 Why would that be? I hear the window opening, and then closing, and soft
 footfalls.
 She's off to do something, I suppose.
 And not used to having to let her family know when she comes and goes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I open my eyes again, and sure enough, she's gone, but I know how to find
 her.
 I open my phone, call Jane and give her the family's address while I follow
 the pull of my power out of the building.
 I don't 
\shape default
really
\shape italic
 need to stay in this apartment 
\shape default
personally
\shape italic
 now that I've found who I was meant to find.
 In both senses of the phrase.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I flip my phone closed.
 A dim human memory floats fuzzily into my consciousness.
 Most of its details have been lost.
 But it's a memory of my older brother, telling me some advice that I think
 I found very useful between hearing it and undergoing my change
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

-- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Girls like to be chased,” my brother drawled.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I smile.
 It makes perfect sense, doesn't it, that 
\shape default
I'd
\shape italic
 find a mate who likes to be chased?
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked and pulled myself out of the memory.
 The 
\shape italic
expectation of being loved back
\shape default
 was woven into the mate bond.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It wasn't 
\shape italic
as
\shape default
 deep as the rest of it.
 My father never really 
\shape italic
expected
\shape default
 my mother to love him back while she was a human, he only hoped, for instance.
 But that was against plenty of background knowledge about how humans work
 as opposed to how vampires work.
 Demetri didn't have any background knowledge like that about half-vampires.
 He didn't know, on any level whatsoever, that she wouldn't automatically
 react like his mate, and so he just acted as though she 
\shape italic
would
\shape default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Most vampires confronted with a human mate just turned, or got someone else
 to turn, the mate in question, like Chelsea had, or like Rosalie had, but
 that wasn't an option with Allirea.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Presented as he had been with a mate who didn't love him automatically and
 couldn't be made to, and no prior expectation of that misfortune...
 he could despair or fall into delusion, the latter infinitely more comfortable.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So Demetri 
\shape italic
did
\shape default
 sort of have an 
\shape italic
explanation
\shape default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

-- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I snapped back into the present.
 Allirea was still cowering behind Esme, saying nothing.
 Of course she wasn't saying anything -- he never listened.
 No amount of begging, running away, trying to bite his head off, or kicking
 and screaming made a dent in his fantasy world where she was 
\shape italic
only playing
\shape default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The vampires were still circling each other.
 No one was eager to make it a physical fight.
 The odds were too well-balanced, and as far as Demetri knew, Esme might
 hurt 
\shape italic
his precious Alli
\shape default
 before he could stop her, if he attacked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It is difficult, but it 
\shape italic
is
\shape default
 possible,” Carlisle said, “to live without your mate.
 I have done it
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Your mate is right there, Carlisle,” said Demetri.
 “Standing between me and mine.
 You clearly didn't do it very 
\shape italic
long
\shape default
.
 But I suppose if I could believe it of anyone it'd be you.
 Did you regret it? Leaving her?” he challenged.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I knew the true answer to that, and I knew Carlisle wouldn't lie, not about
 that, even if it would be the better thing for Demetri to believe -- “I
 did,” Carlisle said gravely.
 “But the circumstances were different.
 Esme did not 
\shape italic
ask
\shape default
 me to leave.
 It was a judgment I made on my own.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Alli's only 
\shape italic
joking
\shape default
,” said Demetri, smiling and rolling his eyes a little, like he was trying
 to explain that Santa wasn't real to someone in their twenties who really
 ought to know better.
 “She does this all the time, we have our little globetrotting game.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Half-vampires do not have mates,” growled my mother, “or if they do, they
 have them in a way that isn't symmetrical to the way vampires have them.”
 Her eyes were flickering over Demetri's stance, looking for a gap that
 wasn't there.
 He exhibited excellent form.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Nonsense,” said Demetri easily.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sent to my mother: 
\shape italic
Is it actually tactically valuable to convince him that Allirea hates him?
 I might be able to do it -- I'm not sure -- but if I can I have no idea
 what he'd do at all.
 Blink once if I should try it, twice if I shouldn't.

\shape default
 I could have had my grandparents cast votes, too, but if I was honest (and
 I generally am), Esme had no tactical prowess at all and Carlisle's idealism
 was only suited to more obvious problems than this.
 Carlisle would have to be facing down someone who was not plausibly “just
 misguided” before he'd really apply himself to the task of making them
 dead.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was a long pause during which my mother didn't blink at all, and then,
 distinctly, my mother's eyes shut and opened.
 Once.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I touched my cheekbone, checked in briefly with Magic, and pulled up all
 my tendency to attract attention and all my forceful truth and all my certainty
 that the memories I had from Allirea were true.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I sucked in a deep breath, and spoke clearly: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Allirea hates you,” I said.
 “She wants you dead.
 She's been terrified of you since the first time she saw you.
 
\shape italic
She's not playing.
 She never has been.”
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Demetri's eye twitched.
 “No,” he said, but it sounded like a question.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I insisted.
 “She runs away because she doesn't want to be with you.
 She begs you to leave her alone because she can't stand being around you.
 She tries to kill you because she wants you to die.
 She pushes you off of her because she hates it when you touch her.
 She's not playing.
 She never has been.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” said Demetri again.
 He looked shaky on his feet, but he didn't quite drop out of his stance,
 and neither my mother nor Carlisle found an opening to attack.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\shape italic
Yes
\shape default
,” I said again, loudly.
 “She hates the nickname and wants to gouge out her ears every time you
 say it! She doesn't want a ring because the idea of marrying you makes
 her 
\shape italic
sick
\shape default
! She lives in fear that you'll take it into your head to hurt the people
 she loves! She's spent long hours considering suicide because it's looked
 like that would be what it would take to get away from 
\shape italic
you
\shape default
! You've gotten her pregnant twice and she ran to her father to get him
 to help her abort both times even though normal surgery was impossible
 and her metabolism is too fast for painkillers to work and he had to do
 it by punching her in the stomach, because she couldn't stand the idea
 of having 
\shape italic
your
\shape default
 children! And it's a miracle it was only twice considering the number of
 times you
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An incoherent roar exploded out of Demetri, and he wasn't a drawn sword
 anymore, he was a fired arrow -- aimed right at me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My mother was on him as he flew past, but he kicked her off and she went
 flying through the air.
 Jake vaulted over me to get in the way and phased with a heedless snarl,
 rusty fur exploding out from his body and standing on end with rage.
 Carlisle couldn't catch up to Demetri before Demetri reached Jacob.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I decided it would be a bad idea to just stand there, and clambered up the
 mountain while Jake (and, after a moment, Carlisle) fended off attacks
 from Demetri.
 Demetri fought like he was possessed, but he wasn't trying to hurt Jake
 or my grandfather so much as get away from them and go after me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I flung myself off the peak of the mountain and landed beside Allirea.
 “Please
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” I began, but she got the idea and folded her arms around me, making
 it almost impossible for Demetri to attack me without hurting her.
 Esme stood her ground in front of us.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The motions of the fight were too fast for me to follow in detail.
 I saw the broad strokes: Jacob struggling to maintain his purchase on the
 rocky slope while he tried to crush some convenient part of Demetri in
 his jaws.
 Carlisle attacking conservatively, attempting to restrict Demetri's movement
 more than actually injure him.
 Demetri whirling with desperate but precise ferocity.
 My mother landed downhill and quickly righted herself, sprinting back up
 into the fray.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was terrified that Demetri would bite Jake.
 I 
\shape italic
needed
\shape default
 Jake.
 “Look!” I hollered at the top of my lungs.
 “She's protecting me! She could hide from everyone here except my mother
 and you, she's not in any danger from me or Esme, we aren't threatening
 her one bit, and she's trying to shelter me anyway! She wants you to lose!
 Allirea hates you! It's not a game! She was telling the truth every time!
 She was 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 afraid when she screamed, she was 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 trying to hurt you when she bit you, she was 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 trying to escape you when she ran
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\noun on
No
\noun default
!” bellowed Demetri, and the shout reverberated off the scenery.
 I wondered if we were close enough to the Denalis' houses that he'd be
 heard.
 “
\shape italic
\noun on
No
\noun default
!”
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” I insisted.
 “It's true.
 You know it's true.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Demetri launched himself towards me again, but Jake caught his leg in his
 teeth and wrenched it off with an earsplitting screech.
 The leg went tumbling down the hillside when Jake spat it out, but the
 change in momentum gave Demetri the chance he'd so far lacked to pull close
 to Jake and sink his teeth into the fur on my wolf's neck.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jake let out an unwolflike scream of pain and staggered and collapsed, and
 rolled like a ragdoll down the mountain.
 
\shape italic
My wolf, my wolf, my
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- “Daphne will be out of commission for days from that bite.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“But she's alive.”
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

-- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- “She'll probably be sick for a week.
 Bites are 
\shape default
not fun
\shape italic
...
 clip a notch out of my ear to keep it from spreading...”
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

-- 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- applying some kind of suction device to a wound on another's shoulder
 -- maybe removing poisonous venom
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I broke Allirea's grip, surprised Esme enough to dodge her abortive grab
 for my shoulder, and chased my wolf downhill.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\noun on
Elspeth
\noun default
!” my mother shouted, but didn't she have the scar to prove that she could
 survive being bitten, the baldness to prove that she could survive being
 powdered and ignited? She didn't need me.
 Jake did.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- “I wonder if she'd find you palatable.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Huh?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“You, Jacob Black, werewolf, possessor of blood that smells rancid to 
\shape default
me
\shape italic
 but doesn't to 
\shape default
her
\shape italic
.
 I wonder if she would drink it
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I felt a hand come down on my shoulder with crushing force, stopping me
 in my tracks.
 Demetri.
 I didn't even need to look around.
 I let out a screech, and blasted him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Not with everything.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Just with the last five and a half years of Allirea's life.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“
\shape italic
Pay attention when I tell you things,”
\shape default
 I hissed at him, and his hand fell away from my shoulder, which was probably
 broken, and I left him to the vampires and ran.
 My wolf, 
\shape italic
my
\shape default
 wolf, my 
\shape italic
wolf
\shape default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jake's fall was broken by an irregular jut of rock.
 He landed bitten side up and lay there, eyes open, heart still beating,
 still breathing, but not moving.
 I leapt on him and fell to.
 No biting -- no 
\shape italic
more
\shape default
 biting -- just pulling tainted blood out of his veins.
 I ignored the taste.
 It didn't matter.
 I spat it out instead of wasting time swallowing.
 Pull out a mouthful of blood.
 Spit.
 Pull.
 Spit.
 
\shape italic
Until the evil smell goes away, until the blood splatters pure red on the
 rocks instead of with droplets of clear, until my wolf is okay.

\shape default
 My mouth was full of loose fur.
 Jake panted and whined.
 His heart kept ticking, but it shuddered and sometimes beat double.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Distantly I heard a screeching noise again, and people arguing.
 Nearer, footsteps.
 Carlisle.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think that's enough,” he said, and I stopped.
 The smell of venom wasn't completely out of Jake, but what I hadn't gotten
 had enough time to spread that I could never get it out of the wound.
 It didn't heal as fast as it should have.
 A mouth-sized gash should have been scabbed over, should have looked weeks
 old already.
 Wolves with their super healing...
 “Your shoulder,” Carlisle said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Set it.
 It'll heal,” I murmured.
 I was gently poked and prodded, and then shoved abruptly into alignment
 and held that way for a moment and released.
 It hurt, but didn't I remember worse? Didn't I have high-fidelity memories
 of a hundred turnings in my head? Hadn't Jane burned me, hadn't Santiago
 broken my legs? Wasn't my wolf possibly dying in front of me? I ignored
 the screaming of my shoulder.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't use the arm,” he instructed, softly, “until it feels completely better.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded, once.
 “Jake,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think there's anything else to do,” Carlisle said.
 “You thought very quickly.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked at the wound in Jake's throat.
 It wasn't leaking more blood, but it was still raw, open, new.
 The venom that was left wasn't leaving him any spare resources to close
 it as quickly as it should have been closed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Demetri,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You threw him off long enough that Bella took off his other three limbs,”
 Carlisle murmured.
 “Allirea wants to kill him, but
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So let her,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” began Carlisle.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Let her,” I repeated.
 “How many more people would he have to hurt and kill before you'd be willing
 to let him die? Let her.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth,” he said again.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I got up, carefully leaving the arm attached to the hurt shoulder limp and
 uninvolved in the process.
 I squeezed Jake's forepaw gently, and walked up the slope again.
 “Demetri,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“It's not true,”
\shape default
 he was wailing, propped up against a stone with only a head and torso in
 his possession.
 “Illusionist.
 You're an 
\shape italic
illusionist
\shape default
, it's an illusion
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That's just a word,” I said, looking at the dense clouds overhead.
 “Eleazar made it up to classify witches, he didn't find it written in the
 stars.
 It's all true.
 I 
\shape italic
can't
\shape default
 lie with my power.
 It doesn't like it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Lies,” choked Demetri.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No,” I said.
 “If it was a lie, though, Allirea wouldn't kill you, would she?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Precious Alli,” he breathed.
 “My precious Alli, please, tell me it's not true...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Allirea rose from her crouch behind Esme and went around her, walking with
 measured steps towards Demetri.
 Her face was perfectly calm.
 He looked up at her with a manic, confused hope in his eyes, and then Allirea
 said in a controlled, level hiss, “All of it is 
\shape italic
true
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He looked at her blankly, trying to ignore her the way he had a thousand
 times before, and then Allirea turned to Carlisle and Esme.
 “You will have to kill me to stop me from killing him,” she stated.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme turned away.
 Carlisle put an arm around his wife, and looked sadly at Allirea, and said
 nothing.
 My mother was collecting the severed limbs from where they'd landed downhill.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I walked back to Jake, and knelt beside him, and combed my fingers through
 his fur, and ignored the screeching noises, and ignored the crackling sound
 of the fire.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
