#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{24}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Collaborator
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Liam obeyed his mate silently, leaving the hotel by the window.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan started pacing again as soon as his footsteps could no longer be
 heard.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Elspeth, I want you to poke around in your memories and see what, if anything,
 could be a deciding factor in turning the Denalis away from the Volturi.
 Ilario, get your sister on the phone and keep her posted.
 Maggie, get a hold of Cath, and ask her and any vampires she 
\shape italic
trusts
\shape default
 to meet us tomorrow night in...
 let's make it near Belfast, in that one park, but tell her to have everyone
 to come well-fed, please, I don't want them hunting in my territory.
 Jacob, you and Elspeth need to sleep tonight, I presume.
 You could look around in the hotel and see if any rooms are still adequate
 for the purpose; I wouldn't know, not having slept in several centuries.
 I don't know how much or how often you like to eat, but I expect you could
 get Maggie to spot you some money for food, if you want to pop out for
 a bite.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't carry money?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not usually,” Siobhan said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie dug around in her pockets and found a green bill, which she handed
 over to Jake.
 “That,” she said, “is a loan, not a present.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“All of my money is in a drawer in our suite in the wolf village in Volterra,”
 said Jake.
 “I really don't know when I'm going to be able to get it.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No big 
\shape italic
hurry
\shape default
, I'm not gonna break your kneecaps if you don't have it back with interest
 by Tuesday, but it's still not a present,” Maggie said.
 “I've got a kid to look after.
 She goes through shoes like nobody's business; I'd think she was putting
 them through the woodchipper if I didn't know better.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think my grandparents will probably cover it later if everybody lives
 through this and it's a problem,”I said, “don't worry.” Jake nodded, squeezed
 my shoulder with one hand, and went off to see if there were any acceptable
 accommodations in the building.
 Maggie and Ilario got out their phones and called Cath and Gianna, respectively
, but they kept their voices down and I was able to tune them out to think.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I closed my eyes, and wondered what could affect the Denalis' loyalties.
 I had memories from Eleazar and Carmen, but they weren't recent -- Aro
 had last read them shortly before Eleazar left the Volturi to follow his
 mate.
 I had Irina's, too, and those were much more up-to-date -- they went up
 until just a couple of days before she died.
 (I knew the circumstances of her death from other perspectives.
 She'd turned the wolves in to the Volturi on the expectation that they'd
 wipe them out, and when she went to La Push and found that things had gone
 differently, she'd launched what amounted to a kamikaze attack and been
 summarily executed.) Kate and Tanya had last been read when their mother
 Sasha was killed, to prove their innocence of Sasha's crime of creating
 an immortal child Vasilii...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And Sasha had been read, too...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- “I don't believe this.
 Corin finally agrees to sign on with you, and so you've become his personal
 army? He can't kill me himself even with his ludicrous invisible shield
 blocking a few of my slower shots, so he finds a bigger attack dog to finish
 his vendetta with me? Doesn't he realize that I could have involved my
 daughters at any time since I turned them, and he'd have been finished?
 His entire coven put together couldn't stand up to my little Katie!” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Aro, smiling for some reason, lets me rant; his bodyguard, at his shoulder,
 gives no impression of being interested in the proceedings at all, but
 her power is watchful enough; I can't just wrench the man's head off his
 shoulders.
 “Yes, your little Katie...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Don't tell me Corin's joining the guard is contingent on killing my daughters,
 too,” I said.
 I'm trying to snap at him, trying to hang onto some pride, but I can't
 keep all the horror out of my voice.
 My girls, my Katrina and Irina and Tanya.
 “Has he ever even 
\shape default
met
\shape italic
 them? I've kept them away from the territory border.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“He hasn't,” said Aro.
 “Which presents me with a...
 conundrum.
 Particularly given Katrina's gift.
 It's not quite of Jane's caliber, but still...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“You can't have her,” I spit.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Dear lady, I doubt this is the right time for you to be making pronouncements
 like that,” says Aro.
 “If I wanted Katrina very badly I would have her already.
 No, as I said, she's not of Jane's caliber; I don't need any of your children,
 even the one with the lightning touch.
 And in fact Corin did not request their deaths, only yours.
 The conundrum is that I wouldn't like to lose the chance to 
\shape default
ever
\shape italic
 welcome Katie into my coven, should I need her later.
 And this means you cannot disappear without explanation, and I cannot 
\shape default
announce
\shape italic
 precisely why I'm having you killed.
 If I did either of those things, your daughters might...
 complain...
 and that would be the end of them, I fear.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
My daughters and I together could have destroyed Corin and his coven --
 or former coven, now -- but the three of them against the Volturi -- I
 shudder to think.
 And they would try.
 I have such loyal children, but -- “The last news 
\shape default
I
\shape italic
 received said you still had Chelsea.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Well, yes, she could solve the 
\shape default
immediate
\shape italic
 problem of allowing your talented Katrina to outlive you by more than a
 few days,” says Aro.
 “But under the circumstances we are now discussing, my darling Chelsea
 would have a challenge on her hands to create the inroads necessary to
 leave open the option of adding Kate to the family later.
 I don't have any other reason to leave them alive, you understand, beyond
 that hope.
 I have some interest in leaving intact your witch daughter's impression
 of the Volturi as dispensers of justice.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“And God forbid Chelsea should be challenged,” I snarl.
 “It would be so inconvenient.
 Perhaps you should give up the entire project as a fool's errand.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“My dear,” says Aro, “it is already quite decided that you are going to
 die.
 The only question is whether you will do so in a way that necessitates
 also killing your children or not.
 Specifically, you could die mysteriously and hope that they are poor detectives...
 you could die openly for the reasons I have described to you, and hope
 that they are not as vengeful as you think they are...
 or...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Or what?” I hiss.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Or some pretext could be devised, to explain your demise to your daughters
 without leaving them any grounds to object.” He smiles at me and I wonder
 if I could get through his bodyguard's power by launching myself at him
 from sufficiently far away...
 no, probably not.
 If nothing else, she could knock me out of the way before I reached him.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Such as?” I ask warily.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I'm sure you're aware of the practice of creating immortal children, which
 we're in the process of stamping out...”
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I thought of something,” I murmured, and Siobhan's gaze sharpened with
 interest.
 “Oh boy, did I ever think of something.
 One minute...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
-- The child really is cunning.
 I really might have created one for myself, if I'd known how precious and
 lovely a human toddler could become when turned; I've heard of immortal
 children before but never seen one with my own eyes.
 He has dimples when he smiles at me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Here you are,” says Aro, picking up the boy with desultory briskness and
 pushing him into my arms.
 I'm not sure if I could stop myself from cradling the child if I had some
 reason to shove him away.
 Some instinct is demanding my affection, like the motherhood I thought
 I'd found with my girls.
 This little creature is distilled innocence, exudes an undeniable need
 for protection; in a moment he's more a child to me than my daughters.
 I can't look away from his round eyes, almost glowing, like rubies.
 No wonder entire covens would die to protect their angels, if they're all
 like this...
 “I've kept a few, for research purposes, in the hopes that we can learn
 a way to make them safe; my coven has enough numbers to control a small
 number of the immortal children.
 We can spare one to act as a prop for your funeral.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“You're going to kill him,” I said flatly.
 The little one puts his arms around my neck and mumbles nonsense words
 against my shoulder, untroubled; I smooth his hair.
 “This 
\shape default
baby
\shape italic
, you're
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“I see you find him captivating,” says Aro.
 “That should help you play your part convincingly.
 Yes, of course we're going to kill him.
 I would offer to let you trade him back in exchange for one of the others
 I've kept on hand, but I think you'd find they have the same effect.
 I will not ask you to choose between them.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I hold the boy tighter.
 “What is his name? What language does he speak?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Latin will do, if you want to talk to him,” Aro says.
 “He's picked up some of it since we brought him here, although not beyond
 a two-year-old's command of the language, of course.
 He answers to Vasilii.
 I'm not sure if that was his original name or if his creator assigned it.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Vasilii,” I repeat.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Vasilii leans back to look at my face and puts his hand over my eye, then
 touches my hair, then giggles.
 “I would suggest,” Aro says, “that you convince him to call you “Mommy”
 or something similar before your daughters arrive to watch the trial.
 For the sake of appearances, you see.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
“Yes,” I murmur
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\shape default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The sisters' mother, Sasha, was 
\shape italic
framed
\shape default
,” I said.
 “I don't know how much that will bother Eleazar and Carmen -- it'll at
 least throw Eleazar for a loop, though, he didn't know, he joined the Volturi
 later and never got filled in -- but it will 
\shape italic
definitely
\shape default
 get Tanya and Kate's attention.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Get their attention, or actually turn them around?” asked Siobhan, gazing
 at me intently.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You probably know all of these people better than anyone on the planet
 except Aro, Adelaide, and possibly the people in question themselves,”
 Siobhan objected.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I have memories, but I'm not a precog like Alice, I can just guess from
 patterns of behavior I remember,” I said.
 “And there hasn't been anything like this that happened to them before,
 at least not that Aro read before late May.
 If you want my 
\shape italic
guess
\shape default
, they might be willing to stand against the Volturi if we tell them --
 er, maybe if 
\shape italic
I
\shape default
 tell them -- that Sasha was framed, but I'm not 
\shape italic
sure
\shape default
.
 I wouldn't bet my life on it unless all the other bets on offer were worse.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course you pick the best bet you can get, that's so obvious as to be
 not worth stating,” said Siobhan.
 “But you don't get to refuse to bet.
 That's just letting other people, who might or might not like you, pick
 the game on your behalf.
 The question is: 
\shape italic
How good
\shape default
 is this chance? Would you rather bet your life on your ability to convince
 the Denalis that the Volturi are bad news, or...
 say, a coin flip?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked.
 “Why would I ever bet my life on a coin flip?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan sighed heavily.
 “If the next best alternative was betting it on a lottery ticket.
 Let's try this another way.
 Kiddo, if you were airdropped in Denali and got out the words “Aro framed
 Sasha” before anybody had the chance to wrap you up, apply postage, and
 ship you back to Volterra...
 
\shape italic
and for some reason
\shape default
, one or more of the Denalis 
\shape italic
didn't
\shape default
 promptly say to themselves “oh, we don't like the Volturi anymore, let's
 come clean about our subterfuge to our cousins and friends and collaborate
 on a plan to deal with the cataract-eyed emperors in Italy“...
 who would be the one or more still on the Volturi's side? Why would they
 be the holdouts? What more would it take to convince them?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This sounded familiar somehow.
 After a moment, I matched it up to what I'd been doing while under Alec's
 sensory deprivation.
 With no way to tell whether anything I was trying to get help had worked
 or not, I'd started assuming everything I did had failed and moved on to
 another plan.
 “Is this anything like that?” I asked, pushing to Siobhan a summary of
 the concept.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
She considered.
 “A little,” she said finally.
 “Except in this case, you're not going to 
\shape italic
try
\shape default
 just waltzing into Denali to make your announcement before you figure out
 how it's likely to go wrong.
 You're going to figure out how it's likely to go wrong, we'll patch that
 problem, and then we start over again.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And we do this how many times?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Until the only problems we find have patches worse than the holes themselves,”
 said Siobhan.
 “However, I can't be sure how much of my ability to make this work is due
 to...
 magic, which I apparently have...
 so take my strategies with a grain of salt.
 They work for 
\shape italic
me
\shape default
, but I don't know what to expect if you go off and try to plan things yourself.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maggie flipped her phone closed and plucked Ilario's out of his hand so
 she could talk to Gianna.
 Ilario said, “Speaking of how you apparently have magic, Siobhan -- what
 about Addy?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan started ticking off fingers.
 “Could be going nearly anywhere, her motives aren't 
\shape italic
directly
\shape default
 opposed to ours, and while she could be a combat threat if she joins up
 with the Volturi again, they're already so overwhelming in magical force
 that we should really, 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 avoid confronting them in direct combat terms 
\shape italic
anyway
\shape default
.
 Overall, I don't think she's the best place to focus our energies right
 now, at least not when we could all waste a couple of weeks just 
\shape italic
locating
\shape default
 her.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Addy has e-mail and I know the address,” I piped up, not wanting to be
 scolded later for not mentioning this.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And if she wanted us to know where she was going,” Siobhan said, “she probably
 wouldn't have run away laughing her head off and 
\shape italic
jumped off the quay
\shape default
.
 She has the address of the house in Wexford; Maggie, if she looks, can
 she get your landline's number with that?” Maggie, still mid-conversation
 with Gianna, nodded.
 “If she wants to be in contact with us she can be,” Siobhan said.
 “Forcing it would be, maybe not a waste of time, but at least something
 to put off until we've exhausted other productive things to do.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“More to the point,” said Ilario, “she has the address of the house in Wexford,
 which means that if she wants, she can physically turn up at the house
 in Wexford.
 Gianna's completely dismal in a fight -- is Molly in any -- any danger?”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He, Maggie, and Siobhan all looked at me.
 I pursed my lips and thought.
 “I don't 
\shape italic
think
\shape default
 so,” I said carefully, tempted to claim not to know but suspecting Siobhan
 would scold me if I did.
 “She was telling the truth about not preferring to go after guarded prey...
 she doesn't eat kids normally, most vampires don't...
 I 
\shape italic
think
\shape default
 she's probably going to avoid touching anyone she's not absolutely sure
 isn't a witch until she's done with your power, Siobhan, which could take
 a while, and she's not a hundred percent accurate trying to tell that sort
 of thing at range, so she might not want to risk it with Molly...
 and if she took her hostage that would only get her three really reluctant
 allies, she can probably get more help and more 
\shape italic
enthusiastic
\shape default
 help somewhere else...
 so I don't 
\shape italic
think
\shape default
 she'll want to hurt Molly.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Maybe I should go home, just to be safe...” murmured Maggie, still holding
 Ilario's phone; Gianna had gone to attend to some need of Molly's.
 “Me and Gianna could hold off
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think even you 
\shape italic
and
\shape default
 Gianna 
\shape italic
and
\shape default
 Ilario could beat Addy in a fight, Maggie,” I said.
 “Especially if she went in with a power that's helpful at all -- even though
 it'd only last until Maggie managed to touch her.
 It's not that she's interested in it particularly, but she's copied witches
 with fighting powers and wanted to try them out, and she's almost a thousand
 years old.
 Siobhan could probably beat her one on one, but...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Do you not think me and Gianna and Ilario could beat up Siobhan if we ganged
 up?” asked Maggie, sounding surprised.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I blinked.
 “Um, I remember Siobhan actually fighting all-out, and I'm not even 
\shape italic
slightly
\shape default
 tempted to say anything besides 
\shape italic
hell no, not even without Liam helping, not even if Siobhan started out
 missing an arm
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You have memories of that?” Siobhan asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “The guy you let get away from Liam's old coven got in trouble later and
 Aro read him.
 He thought you had to be some kind of witch for sure -- I guess he was
 right, but I wonder if your power applies in a fight?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I really wouldn't know,” Siobhan said dryly.
 “I'm also older than Maggie and Gianna and Ilario put together a few times
 over, and probably a fair percentage of their combined weight to boot,
 and Maggie has noted that she's weaker since switching to an animal diet.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The point is you are 
\shape italic
really really scary
\shape default
 when you want somebody to die,” I said, “doesn't matter why that is.” Siobhan
 shrugged, conceding the point.
 “Um, Denali...
 if I just went in and announced it...
 I 
\shape italic
think
\shape default
...
 Kate would be the most likely to hold out.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Kate, really?” asked Ilario, as Maggie's attention returned to her phone
 call with her mate.
 They were getting worse and worse at holding off on the mush.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I nodded.
 “Eleazar knows firsthand what my power does; he'd be even less able to
 doubt something true I said than anybody else.
 And as far as I can remember he's attached to thinking of the Volturi as
 good guys.
 That's got to be already wearing thin.
 If it went away completely and he couldn't believe it anymore, he'd be
 against them really solidly.
 Carmen only ever passively influences him, she doesn't try to argue with
 him if he's made up his mind about something -- and she doesn't like the
 Volturi all that much in the first place.
 She'd be tempted to keep cooperating with them for David's sake but she'd
 obey Eleazar if he disagreed...
 and Eleazar's a nice person, but he 
\shape italic
was
\shape default
 a Volturi for a long time, and he's...
 
\shape italic
used
\shape default
 to making sacrifices, even though he hates it.
 I think he 
\shape italic
might
\shape default
 give up David if he were convinced the Volturi are bad and that there was
 no way to save him.
 Tanya was closest to Sasha and is closest to Carlisle now -- I think she'd
 be especially angry about the frame job and especially willing to throw
 herself on her cousins' mercy for the betrayal.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But Kate,” said Siobhan.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“But Kate...
 would 
\shape italic
hate
\shape default
 the idea that Sasha was manipulated like that for 
\shape italic
her
\shape default
 sake.
 Kate likes being a witch.
 She likes being powerful.
 She throws it around sometimes, she can be smug.
 I think she would really, 
\shape italic
really
\shape default
 hate it if she found out that her being a witch had hurt someone she loved.
 Even if her witchcraft isn't the reason Sasha 
\shape italic
died
\shape default
, it's why she was backed into the corner instead of just being killed on
 the spot when Aro caught up with her, and Sasha was really proud.
 If Kate weren't a witch then Aro wouldn't have bothered to make a deal.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“So she wouldn't be happy about it,” said Maggie, “but according to you
 neither would Eleazar, right? What's the difference?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Kate is better at ignoring stuff she doesn't like,” I said.
 “...I'm basing this all on a read on Kate that's almost a thousand years old,
 and what Irina saw, and the way these people acted around me when I was
 a 
\shape italic
baby
\shape default
.
 They could have changed
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not much,” said Siobhan.
 “These are vampires we're talking about.
 We can learn things, we can adapt to technology and changing borders and
 alliances, we can find mates...
 but the kinds of things you're talking about rarely change, once we turn.
 The basic personalities are stable.
 If Kate was the sort of person who was good at ignoring stuff she didn't
 like a thousand years ago, I'll bet you any sum you care to name that she
 still is.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“You don't carry money,” I said, confused.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well, obviously, in the 
\shape italic
staggeringly
\shape default
 unlikely event that I lost this bet which you'd be an idiot to take, I'd
 need to take the wallets off my next several meals,” said Siobhan.
 “Anyway, go on.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I said, “I think Kate would figure I was telling the truth as I saw it.
 I don't think she's 
\shape italic
so
\shape default
 good at ignoring things that she could 
\shape italic
outright
\shape default
 ignore or disbelieve me if I was trying to convince her of something I
 know with this much certainty.
 But she could find some way to spin it so it had nothing to do with 
\shape italic
her
\shape default
, and I don't know how she'd do that, but it 
\shape italic
could
\shape default
 wind up with her still on the Volturi's side.
 I could talk until I was hoarse about every perspective I have of the whole
 fiasco, tell her what Aro was thinking and Renata and Caius and anybody
 else who was involved, show her Vasilii's memories of meeting Sasha for
 the first time...
 and 
\shape italic
then
\shape default
 she might have no choice but to come around...
 but she wouldn't let me go on that long.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Blast her,” said Maggie shortly, having bidden Gianna a reluctant goodbye
 so that their daughter could have her mamma's undivided attention during
 the bedtime routine.
 “That's fast, isn't it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's fast because there's no picking and choosing about what to send,”
 I said.
 “And giving Kate too much could be as bad as giving her too little since
 she could distract herself with stuff that was easier to deal with.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan nodded, looking mildly approving -- I decided this was probably
 about my usefulness rather than Kate's habits.
 “Okay.
 So Kate's a problem.
 How do we patch the problem that is Kate?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I felt the temptation to pace, to imitate Siobhan.
 I kept still and closed my eyes again instead.
 “I 
\shape italic
could
\shape default
...
 just blast her, I guess.
 That'd at least put her in a position where she couldn't tip off the Volturi
 for a while, and then she'd be the 
\shape italic
lone
\shape default
 holdout against everyone else in the house.
 She'd hate being the reason her family got into trouble, too, and might
 go along with it just so she wouldn't have to tell on them.
 She...” I yawned hugely.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How much does being tired affect your thinking, Elspeth?” asked Siobhan,
 glancing at the dimness outside.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Some,” I said.
 “I don't know.
 How do you tell?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“By testing it in less weighty circumstances than these,” Siobhan said.
 “Jacob, are you back yet?” she called loudly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't have to yell,” I heard his distant voice grumble.
 “On my way, just these stairs
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“If you can't jump it, the banister will hold your weight,” Siobhan said,
 a bit more quietly, “and you can climb up the destroyed part that way.
 Or you could go around and come in the same way we did the first time.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've got it, I've got it...” A moment later Jake was back with us, carrying
 a bag of what was probably food.
 “Hey, Elsie.
 Tired?” I yawned again, and he picked me up in his free arm and carried
 me away.
 “I found a couple rooms that didn't have anything more obviously awful
 in them than dust.
 Had to force the doors, but that should be okay.
 Just us and the friendly vampire mascots of the emerald isle in this building.
 And vengeful squatter ghosts, but I'll keep 'em off you, okay?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't think you'll let vengeful squatter ghosts get me,” I agreed.
 Jake climbed another flight of stairs with me in tow, put me on a bed,
 and tucked me in.
 It took almost no time for me to fall asleep.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
