#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\setcounter{chapter}{24}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{microtype}

\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\footnotesize Chapter\ \liningnums{\thechapter}\ ·\ \textsf{\leftmark}}{}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{\thepage}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{\thepage}


\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation

\frenchspacing

\widowpenalty10000
\clubpenalty100
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master Radiance.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman EB Garamond
\font_sans Twilight
\font_typewriter Ubuntu Mono
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing other 1.35
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\headsep 0.15in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Granddaughter
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan's eyelids fluttered and she toppled off her feet, but Liam caught
 her and settled her gently on the floor.
 “It took you a day?” Liam asked me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Almost, including a night's sleep,” I said, “but I'm not sure if sleeping
 made it faster or slowed me down.
 I did come to right after I woke up, though.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Liam frowned and brushed some of Siobhan's hair out of her face.
 Siobhan started mumbling words in various languages, sometimes imitating
 their sources closely enough that I could figure out exactly what memories
 she was thinking of.
 Jake, whose sleep schedule was more flexible than mine, was able to nap.
 I spent most of the plane ride listening to Siobhan babble, mostly because
 it made it easier to ignore Cath and Ilario, who were off behind a stack
 of suitcases making ill-fated attempts to be discreet.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ilario had managed to find a plane that would carry on to Alaska after an
 overnight in Chicago.
 I was asleep during the plane's downtime, but since some of the luggage
 was continuing to Fairbanks, there was enough to hide behind; nothing disastrou
s happened.
 Partway through the second leg of the trip, Siobhan sat partway up and
 looked around.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Still on the plane,” she muttered.
 “What time is it?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Liam told her, and she nodded slowly.
 Her eyes rolled around in her head a bit; when I frowned, Liam said, “You
 did that too, when you didn't close your eyes outright and were looking
 at a memory.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Allirea,” murmured Siobhan.
 “Elspeth, 
\shape italic
why
\shape default
 didn't you tell me about...
 oh.
 You probably couldn't...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huh?” I said.
 “I sent you everything.
 And even before that I told you everything important.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My point exactly,” said Siobhan.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What are you talking about?” I asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan pursed her lips and closed her eyes.
 “Elspeth, how many children does Joham have?” she asked, slowly and carefully.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Three,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“And their names are, from oldest to youngest...?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Noemi, Nahuel, and Iseul.
 Don't you already 
\shape italic
know
\shape default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is Noemi the eldest child in the family?” Siobhan asked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This question threw me for a loop.
 When the answer didn't come to me immediately, I mentally tried out possible
 responses -- “no” and “yes” both felt wrong.
 “Kind of” felt closer, but still not correct.
 “I...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't hurt yourself,” Siobhan said mildly.
 “Is Jacob awake?” I shook my head, since Jacob was sleeping (with unusually
 few snores) on top of a garment bag in the other end of the hold, and Siobhan
 said, “Cath, Ilario, your attention please
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“One sec!” cried Cath shrilly.
 A couple seconds later they appeared at the edge of their luggage barrier.
 “What?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth's about to behave very strangely, but ignore her,” Siobhan said.
 “There is a half-vampire called Allirea, who...” I started zoning out, picking
 at a loose thread in my sleeve, while Siobhan said a lot of things that
 didn't matter.
 I worked on my summary composition a bit, although it was mostly done.
 Ilario kept looking at me strangely.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Is the wolf affected?” Cath asked when Siobhan seemed to be finished.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“There's no way to tell without asking him, since the memories I have wouldn't
 necessarily contain the information if she'd been near enough to him before
 -- the only people I have memories for between today and May 26 are Adelaide
 and Elspeth.
 But he should be awake soon enough,” said Siobhan.
 “All the Denalis have certainly met her.
 The Cullens and their other allies may or may not have done so, depending
 on whether she is still in Denali.
 What Elspeth saw when Santiago and the wolf pack captured her indicates
 that Eleazar resists the effect, at least partially, so he should be able
 to tell us if we ask him directly, but he might not have enough of a resistance
 to remember her independently if she's left.
 She has no reason to stay -- has reason to go, in fact.
 Her habit when running away from Demetri is to board airplanes at random.
 If nothing else, we'll be able to ask the people at Denali if 
\shape italic
Demetri
\shape default
 has been by.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Who?” I asked, bewildered.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Allirea,” said Siobhan, raising an eyebrow.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not important,” I said, confused.
 “Don't...
 don't you know that?” There was so much to do, so much Siobhan should be
 making magical plans about, and she was wasting time...
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Liam,” said Siobhan, turning towards her mate and ignoring my question,
 “I want paper.
 See if you can find any to take out of the luggage.
 Allirea is clearly not on this airplane or I'd either notice her or be
 unable to have this conversation.
 However, we 
\shape italic
could
\shape default
 encounter her at any time after landing, in which case I'm going to want
 a written note to make sure I follow through with what I have in mind.”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“What's going on? Are you okay, Siobhan?” I asked.
 “I didn't really stick around to see how the Volturi recovered from Addy's
 blast, I don't know if vampires react differently or something
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“She's fine, Elspeth,” said Liam dryly, starting to rummage through bags.
 Cath patted me on the head twice and chuckled, then seized Ilario by the
 wrist and disappeared with him again.
 I blinked, but decided whatever was the matter with Siobhan couldn't be
 that bad if Liam wasn't worried.
 When his search uncovered a toiletry kit, I borrowed a passenger's hairbrush,
 putting it back when I was done teasing the tangles out of my hair.
 I really needed it.
 Siobhan kept muttering to herself and to Liam, but nothing she said was
 important.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cath called Carlisle when we'd landed.
 He hadn't expected her to buy a ticket -- she was between legal identities
 at the moment, which turned out to be another advantage to having her call
 instead of Ilario -- and told her that she could find him and Esme waiting
 in the parking lot.
 It was dark in Fairbanks, and that plus a mad dash had us quite safely
 away from the airplane and headed for my grandparents.
 Siobhan talked to Jacob briefly about something that they seemed to think
 was important, but I was focused on other things.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was apprehensive about meeting Carlisle and Esme.
 I figured I could let them hug me if they seemed inclined to, but beyond
 that I didn't know at all how to behave.
 Should I call them “Grandma” and “Grandpa” still? Their adopted children
 usually called them by name.
 They might not take it badly if I did the same, except that I hadn't before,
 either when I was little or when I'd been on the phone with Carlisle from
 Nashville.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I had Carlisle's memories, up to the day he'd gone with Esme and my father
 to pick up my mother from Volterra.
 I poked at them, trying to use them to reconstruct what Chelsea had taken,
 but it didn't help much.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It gave me plenty of material to 
\shape italic
admire
\shape default
 and 
\shape italic
trust
\shape default
 Carlisle.
 He was a strong, dedicated person, surpassing anyone else I could so much
 as remember hearing of in self-abnegation, having not only independently
 committed without misstep to vegetarianism as a newborn, but also having
 left his mate while she was human out of the belief that it would be best
 for her.
 Carlisle wasn't the only vegetarian in the world, but he 
\shape italic
was
\shape default
 the only vampire who'd been able to do the second thing.
 It hadn't worked out so well in practice...
 Esme had gone on to marry a man who'd turned out to be abusive.
 She'd run away from her husband once she discovered she was pregnant, not
 wanting to raise a child in that household, only for the baby to die of
 a lung infection soon after he was born, and then in despair she'd jumped
 off a cliff.
 I noted with some bemusement that my father had made it sound to my mother
 like Esme had simply 
\shape italic
fallen
\shape default
, accidentally, without mentioning either the fact that it was a suicide
 attempt or the reasons behind it.
 He hadn't wanted to taint my mother's opinion of Esme, and suspected that
 a nearly-successful suicide attempt would offend the sensibilities of anyone
 so enthusiastic about eternal life.
 I wondered what my mother would think of that.
 But regardless of the fact that Esme would have been better off if Carlisle
 had swept her away when she was sixteen, his intentions and self-control
 in refraining were still unparalleled.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And knowing all this wasn't the right 
\shape italic
kind
\shape default
 of thing to restore the way I used to feel about my grandfather.
 He was supposed to be special to me, his only grandchild, in a way that
 had nothing to do with his status as an upstanding moral person or anything
 else the memories I had could tell me.
 He was supposed to be special to me because he was my father's father,
 because he'd played a part in bringing me into the world, because he'd
 helped bring me up when I was little.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Because I'd known all of that when Chelsea had gone 
\shape italic
snip, snip
\shape default
, though, feelings wouldn't 
\shape italic
attach
\shape default
 to those facts any more.
 I didn't know if they ever would, but sifting through Chelsea's memories
 (and, gingerly, Marcus's) didn't leave me optimistic.
 Regeneration was possible when she'd snipped something once, twice, half
 a dozen times...
 but threads stopped coming back, for the most part, when they'd been destroyed
 over and over again on a daily basis for as long as I'd been in the village.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Anything new I came to feel about Carlisle would probably be exactly that
 -- new.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The six of us -- Cath and Ilario in the lead -- approached the parking lot,
 and I saw my grandparents.
 They turned to meet us, and I saw their eyes widen.
 “You...
 must be Cath...” said Carlisle slowly, “but...
 Ilario? Siobhan and Liam? And...” He was staring at me in disbelief.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It's me,” I confirmed softly, knowing he'd recognize my voice from the
 phone call once he heard it.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle blinked twice.
 Behind him, Esme made a quiet noise of confusion.
 I noted that they were both black-eyed, hungry.
 “I see there is much to discuss,” my grandfather finally managed, sparing
 a silent Jacob one quick glance before looking at me expectantly.
 Siobhan gave me a nod.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I pushed out the finished summary to bring my grandparents up to speed on
 why we were there, the reasons behind Cath's subterfuge, the Denalis' betrayal
 and what I hoped would reverse it, and everything else they were likely
 to need to know.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“With Elspeth so convenient,” Siobhan said, “there is 
\shape italic
less
\shape default
 to discuss, but still 
\shape italic
some
\shape default
.
 Specifically, we need to get your cousins to listen to us without having
 the chance to contact Volterra.
 Oh, and I have a question for you Elspeth wouldn't have been able to include
 in her summary.
 Are you aware of the existence of a half-vampire named Allirea?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I've heard the name mentioned...” Carlisle began.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Good, then she's not there anymore,” said Siobhan.
 and then I yawned while she prattled about something irrelevant.
 I was beginning to worry a little about the quality of plans she generated
 while so weirdly obsessed with trivialities.
 I started paying attention to her again after a few more sentences: “--
 could have left the quarter-vampires some failsafe method to contact her
 for help.
 Since we need all the help we can get, I'm going to try contacting them
 once we've spoken to your cousins, especially Eleazar.
 Based on the timing involved, it's also 
\shape italic
possible
\shape default
 we can find Bella that way, but no promises.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“They lied to us,” Esme said faintly.
 “They told us our children and granddaughter never arrived, they told us
 -- they 
\shape italic
lied
\shape default

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can you,” Siobhan asked sharply, “forgive them, assuming they are sincerely
 sorry? If necessary I can get Maggie on the phone to confirm anything they
 say, if that will help
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Of course we can,” said Esme at once.
 “Of 
\shape italic
course
\shape default
.
 They're family.” Carlisle nodded in agreement, jaw set firmly, though he
 looked troubled.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Good,” Siobhan said, “because that's probably important, at least for Kate.
 I know almost nothing about how you've been arranging the guests in Denali.
 What's the best way to get the sisters and Carmen and Eleazar all in one
 place without giving away that more people than Cath have arrived ahead
 of time?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We've been hunting together,” Carlisle said.
 “Often not all of us at the same time, but it wouldn't be unheard of.
 We can bring Cath to Denali, and the rest of you can wait somewhere for
 us.
 Oh -- Kate has found a mate...” -- Siobhan looked slightly smug when he said
 that, probably about having anticipated the possibility -- “and he's been
 attempting to change his eating habits, so he's liable to join us.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Who is he?” asked Siobhan.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Garrett,” replied Carlisle.
 “Do you know who
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Yes,” Siobhan said; I remembered too, from what Addy had heard about the
 attendance in Denali.
 Garrett was one of the American nomads acquainted in some way with the
 Cullens who'd agreed to come join the enclave when asked.
 “All right.
 Cath, you go with Mr.
 and Mrs.
 Cullen and act as though you're the only one who showed up
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Don't I smell a bit too much like him?” Cath asked, pointing her thumb
 at Jake.
 “From being in the same cargo hold for ages?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme sniffed.
 “We'll stop somewhere where you can take a shower, and get you a new outfit,”
 she said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cath looked down at her clothes -- heavily embroidered, drapey linen --
 and sighed.
 “Oh, all right, but I'm not getting rid of these, I'll stash them somewhere,
 I spent a long time on the hardanger in this blouse.” With a glance at my
 grandparents' eyes, she said, “This won't take long all told, will it?”
 Her hand darted out to clutch at Ilario's as she said this.
 “Getting the whole hunting party put together and on your way, I mean?”
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Carlisle glanced at their joined hands, and said, “Tomorrow afternoon, at
 the latest, we'll hunt.
 I hope that will be satisfactory.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'll live,” sighed Cath, looking dreamily into Ilario's eyes.
 “I guess.” He leaned down and kissed her.
 Siobhan coughed and asked Carlisle for directions to a suitable waiting
 place, which she received; then, we all stood around awkwardly for half
 a minute, waiting for Cath to be ready to leave with Carlisle and Esme.
 During this time I took a few steps forward and exchanged hugs with each
 grandparent, mostly because I didn't think I'd enjoy looking at Esme's
 face if I let them go without.
 Esme petted my hair.
 I remembered she used to tie ribbons into it, when I was little.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cath hauled herself away from Ilario with visible effort, muttering something
 about not wanting to have taken too long if someone looked up the flight
 we'd taken and noticed it was on time, and followed Carlisle and Esme to
 their car.
 Ilario swayed on the spot, watching them as they drove away.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Tomorrow afternoon at the latest,” repeated Siobhan, looking appraisingly
 at Ilario.
 “Come, now, we need to be ready for them when they go hunting, and it could
 be sooner than that.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We just walked, until we got far enough away from the airport that we could
 break into a jog (for me and the vampires) and a flat run (for Jake).
 Speed wasn't so essential that anyone had to carry my wolf.
 He still didn't dare phase without an emergency calling for it, lest he
 have a pack remaining that would give away his location, or he could have
 kept up with the vampires even carrying me.
 “Next time we go somewhere don't tell me where,” he muttered.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Won't help; you'll still have information we don't want them to have,”
 commented Liam.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jake frowed.
 “I...
 don't actually 
\shape italic
know
\shape default
 how long I'd have to go without phasing to quit my wolf.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“It varies,” I chirped.
 “At 
\shape italic
least
\shape default
 a few weeks, though.
 You're okay for now.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jake nodded, but still looked worried.
 “How do you know?” he asked after a moment.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“My father and Carlisle and Rosalie -- I have memories from all of them
 that cover the time when they first lived near Quileute land.
 They met your great-grandfather Ephraim Black, he was the alpha then, and
 the other wolves who were around at the time, and learned most of how wolves
 tick,” I said.
 “What they knew at the time, anyway -- there was some misinformation.
 Like, they didn't think girls could be wolves, but that's probably just
 because girls with wolf genes didn't happen to meet vampires much.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Huh,” said Jake.
 “It always did seem sort of strange to me that the legends wouldn't mention
 
\shape italic
any
\shape default
 wolf girls.
 There are tons now.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thought.
 “The ones now were all activated by touch,” I said.
 “It seems a lot faster and more consistent that way.
 Just being around a vampire doesn't seem to always do the trick...
 my father always thought it seemed like even in wolf-gene families, it
 looked like the ones who were more emotionally volatile activated.
 That might have kept girls from activating too, if they were less likely
 to get mad enough 
\shape italic
and
\shape default
 less likely to be around vampires?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Makes evolutionary sense,” Ilario put in, “from what I've heard, if it's
 harder for women to activate.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“That too,” I said.
 “Since girls can't have kids while they're activated.
 But it seems like if a vampire actually touches an inactive wolf the activation
's pretty automatic, so...” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We ran in silence for a minute, and then Jake said, “Why did the old pack
 quit their wolves?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know about the generation of wolves before yours,” I said.
 “My family left the area first.
 The ones they heard about from before that would tend to quit so they could
 age along with their imprints, when they had imprints, or they'd die in
 fights with vampires, or they'd just mellow with age and not want to be
 wolves anymore.
 Why?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I'm just thinking about whether I would ever decide to quit,” Jake said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Would you?” I asked.
 “If you quit you age and die like a human, you know.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I know,” he said.
 “I guess I probably won't.” He paused.
 “Unless something happened to you, maybe.
 But we'll make sure that doesn't happen.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Unless something...” I didn't like the idea of Jake deciding to slowly kill
 himself on account of me.
 I didn't like the idea of anything dreadful happening to me, 
\shape italic
either
\shape default
, but it seemed like him dying too could only make it worse.
 “You shouldn't even if something 
\shape italic
does
\shape default
.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I don't know,” Jake said.
 “Do you have any memories about what happens to imprinted wolves without
 their imprints?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“No.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Mm,” Jake said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Siobhan said, “I'll just mention now that it would be the height of foolishness
 to deliberately involve Elspeth in any physical fighting that includes
 full vampires and phased wolves, and anyone who finds her to be an actual
 threat worth lethally addressing outside of that context will be someone
 she hasn't memory-blasted yet and can therefore incapacitate more than
 long enough to make a run for it.
 She may actually be the single person most likely to survive this entire
 mess.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Good,” said Jake softly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was more silence, and then Ilario piped up, “Do you think it will
 really take them until 
\shape italic
tomorrow afternoon
\shape default
 to get to us...?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
***
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My grandparents, aunt and uncle, and four cousins and new cousin-in-law
 arrived at the mountain peak Carlisle had described at noon.
 Cath wasn't with them, which visibly deflated Ilario, but I'd told him
 and Siobhan had told him that he couldn't expect her -- it wouldn't make
 sense for her to join the vegetarian hunting trip, even if she 
\shape italic
did
\shape default
 plan on changing her diet for him (which he hadn't 
\shape italic
asked
\shape default
 her about in the handful of actual sentences they had exchanged, anyway).
 She wasn't thirsty, and her eyes proved it; and anyway, years of knowing
 a vegetarian Maggie hadn't converted her, so a sudden change before she
 announced to the Denalis that Ilario was her mate would be strange-looking
 and might have prompted a memo to the Volturi.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They spotted us as soon as we spotted them, of course, and it would be an
 understatement to say that the Denalis were startled.
 Emmett and Rosalie were obviously flabbergasted, too, but took in the situation
 with less alarm and more bemusement.
 I couldn't hear what was being said from so far away, though I assumed
 the vampires could -- but I saw the effects, namely that the Denalis were
 coaxed to approach.
 Carlisle had a comforting hand on Tanya's back, and Carmen and Eleazar
 were clinging to each other, and Kate was lagging behind skittishly despite
 encouragement from Esme.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“...okay, it's okay,” I finally heard Esme saying as they drew nearer.
 “We understand, Kate, but it can't continue
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Katie,” said a man I'd never seen before who I assumed was Garrett, “I
 
\shape italic
don't
\shape default
 understand.” He had sandy hair in a ponytail and his eyes shone dark gold
 as he looked at his mate with concern.
 Tanya, near them, seemed to shrink into herself and let the scrutiny fall
 on Kate rather than attract attention to herself.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I didn't dare tell you,” the witch whispered to Garrett.
 “I didn't dare.
 You're always talking about revolution, revolution is in your 
\shape italic
bones
\shape default
, you still have the uniform you wore 
\shape italic
during the revolution
\shape default
, how could I expect you to accept what had happened? I was already in it
 before you came here, I didn't 
\shape italic
dare
\shape default
, and then...
 David is a brother to me, Garrett
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Can I just state now,” said Emmett, “that I have less than zero idea what
 is going on?” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth!” called Carlisle.
 “If you wouldn't mind
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I tried, but Emmett and Rosalie didn't react like they'd received my summary.
 “I don't think I have that much range for summaries yet,” I called back.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth, is that really you?” exclaimed Rosalie, jogging ahead of her hunting
 party.
 “Oh, my word, you've gotten so big
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Everybody I was standing with had at least a foot on me, so I didn't feel
 very tall, but I 
\shape italic
had
\shape default
 grown significantly since Rosalie had last seen me, so maybe it wasn't
 silly of her to say it.
 “It's me,” I acknowledged.
 Rosalie broke into an outright run, threw her arms around me, picked me
 up, and spun me around before setting me down again, beaming all the while.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“How
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” she began, and I sent her the condensed version of events, including
 Emmett as a target when he crossed within a plausible distance.
 Rosalie blinked; Emmett said something that didn't sound like a word.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Emmett reached me, pulled me into a familiar bear hug, and then turned to
 look back at cringing Tanya, dawdling Kate (trailed by her confused mate),
 and sheepish Eleazar and Carmen.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The vampires started all talking over each other, too many conversational
 threads for me to keep track of.
 From what I did catch, everyone was spending a surprising amount of time
 talking about topics that didn't matter at all.
 Rosalie spent most of the conversation with one hand on the back of my
 head, and Tanya tentatively touched my cheek at one juncture.
 Occasionally Siobhan asked me to announce something so it would be more
 compelling, and I obediently recited various facts and opinions.
 Jacob kept back the entire time, wrinkling his nose and keeping a suspicious
 eye on Garrett and Kate in particular.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It took about half an hour for everyone to simmer down, for all the explanations
 and reassurances and incredulity and anger and expressions of forgiveness
 and hugs and Ilario's repeated interruptions inquiring about Cath's well-being
 to all be over and done with.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Well,” said Emmett finally, “dunno about the rest of you, but I could use
 lunch.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Not thirsty,” said Ilario.
 “We'll go to the houses and
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Elspeth,” said Siobhan suddenly, “you and Jacob need to stay here.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was confused for a moment, and then understood.
 “Alice,” I murmured.
 “She might look; the place can't be blacked out until it's all right for
 the Volturi to know.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Right,” Siobhan said.
 “Me and Liam and Ilario and Cath all make sense to have there.
 And a casual look won't have her reading lips closely, so as long as there's
 nothing suspicious to see, we can talk freely -- but you and Jacob need
 to camp out.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I looked at Jacob, who seemed mostly relieved about not having to crash
 in one of three crowded houses full of vampires, and then back to Siobhan.
 “Okay,” I said.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We can bring you sleeping bags and so on,” said Esme, patting my shoulder.
 “You'll be all right by yourselves, won't you? It's not too cold or
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We don't get cold,” I reminded her.
 “We'll be okay.
 Jake would probably like some food, though I'm happier hunting.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We'll bring you plenty to eat,” Esme promised.
 She hugged me again, and then so did Carlisle and Rosalie and Emmett and
 Tanya and Eleazar and Carmen and even (gingerly) Kate, and with that, Jake
 and I were left by ourselves on the mountain for a time.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esme came back just before nightfall, with sleeping bags and food and similar
 camping amenities.
 She helped us get set up, thanked Jacob graciously for looking after me,
 gave me another hug, and then departed reluctantly.
 I went to sleep soon after, muttering something about how sooner or later
 all the time zone jumping would probably catch up with me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Shortly after I woke up, I noticed that we had company.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
